The dogs are in the snow in front of a fence .
The dogs play on the snow .
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow .
Two brown dogs wrestle in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
a brown and white dog swimming towards some in the pool
A dog in a swimming pool swims toward sombody we cannot see .
A dog swims in a pool near a person .
Small dog is paddling through the water in a pool .
The small brown and white dog is in the pool .
A man and a woman in festive costumes dancing .
A man and a woman with feathers on her head dance .
A man and a woman wearing decorative costumes and dancing in a crowd of onlookers .
one performer wearing a feathered headdress dancing with another performer in the streets
Two people are dancing with drums on the right and a crowd behind them .
A couple of people sit outdoors at a table with an umbrella and talk .
Three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella .
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe .
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack .
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack .
A man is wearing a Sooners red football shirt and helmet .
A Oklahoma Sooners football player wearing his jersey number 28 .
A Sooners football player weas the number 28 and black armbands .
Guy in red and white football uniform
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip .
A brown dog running
A brown dog running over grass .
A brown dog with its front paws off the ground on a grassy surface near red and purple flowers .
A dog runs across a grassy lawn near some flowers .
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers .
A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
The girls were in the crowd .
Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
A dog with its mouth opened .
Brown and white dog yawning .
Close-up of dog in profile with mouth open .
Dog yawns
The dog 's mouth is open like he is yawning .
A black dog emerges from the water onto the sand , holding a white object in its mouth .
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth .
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth .
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .
The black dog jumps out of the water with something in its mouth .
A player from the white and green highschool team dribbles down court defended by a player from the other team .
Four basketball players in action .
Four men playing basketball , two from each team .
Two boys in green and white uniforms play basketball with two boys in blue and white uniforms .
Young men playing basketball in a competition .
A group of tourists stand around as a lady puts her hand near the mouth of a statue .
A woman is making a statue pretend to kiss her hand beside four boys at a bench .
A woman posing with a statue alongside a group of boys
A woman with a backpack leans again a statue while a group of boys sit on a bench talking .
Woman gets her hand kissed by living statue street artist .
A man in yellow grimaces .
a man wearing a yellow shirt with a dramatic look on his face
The man in the yellow t-shirt is pulling a large grin on his face .
There is a man , wearing a yellow shirt , and grimacing .
This man is smiling very big at the camera .
A dog lays on a mattress on the porch .
A dog rolls on a mattress placed on a porch and scratches his back .
A spotted dog rolling over on a pad placed on a porch .
A white dog rolling on its back on a porch .
The spotted dog rolls on its back .
A man is standing on a sidewalk in the background with a blurry image of another man in the foreground .
A man stands at a busy bus stop .
a man stands next to a bus .
People in the city .
People walking down the street and past an open bus .
A girl wearing a brown cap , red sneakers , and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench .
A hiker in a jacket and knit cap sits with a backpack on atop a stone with a cloudy sky in the background .
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block , looking out .
A woman with her backpack sits on a large rock and looks down over the mountains .
The lady is sitting on a rock .
A man helps another man tie a red ribbon onto his arm .
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man 's right arm during a street parade .
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street .
One man helps another attach a red ribbon to his forearm in the midst of a large group of people .
Two men stand together ; one is putting something red on his arm .
A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
A boy holds a picture over his head .
A boy in a long sleeve shirt is holding a box above his head .
A boy is inside holding something on top of his head .
A little boy holds a decorated cardboard box on his head .
a young boy with a samll cardboard box atop his head .
A big dog chases a little dog on the grass .
A black dog is chasing a smaller brown dog over grass .
The large brown dog is chasing after the little brown dog .
Two brown dogs run through the grass together .
two dogs play in the grass .
A man is sitting on the floor outside a door and his head on his chin .
A man sits against a yellow wall wearing all black .
A man wearing a dark blue hat sits on the ground and leans against a building .
Man with black hat , coat , and pants sitting next to the door of a building .
The man in the black hat is sitting on the floor beside the green door .
A hiker ascends a snowy hill .
A man reaches the top of a tall sand dune .
A person is hiking to the top of a hill .
A person walks up a white sandy hill against the blue sky .
The person is wearing shorts and climbing a gray sand hill under a blue sky .
Three boys in a building under construction .
Three boys play in an unfinished building .
Three boys playing in an unfinished space .
Three little boys are playing on the floor of an unfinished house .
Two young boys sit and one young boy stands on an unfinished wooden floor .
A crowd of people wearing jackets and holding signs .
A group of protesters picket in the road .
A large " green " peaceful protest is taken to the streets .
A protest march is passing by a white stone building .
Group of people walking with posters .
A man wearing a red helmet jumps up while riding a skateboard .
A young man wearing a red jacket performs a jump on a red skateboard .
The helmeted boy is doing a stunt on a skateboard .
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park .
Young man is performing a trick on a skateboard in a park .
A black Mitsubishi is driving through a muddy puddle and spraying water .
A blue car splashes mud on a dirt road while driving through a puddle .
A blueish green car on a dirt road splashing water on the left .
A dark blue car going through a muddy road and sprinkling some to the side .
There is a blue car on a road in the roads splashing through a puddle .
A busy city street with many people walking along it .
A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
Chinese market street in the winter time .
People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
A little girl is sitting on the counter dangling one foot in the sink whilst holding a dish jet washer .
A little girl plays with a faucet .
A little girl wearing sunglasses puts her feet into the kitchen sink .
A young , barefoot girl in red sunglasses plays in a sink .
A young girl wearing red sunglasses sits near a sink and holds the faucet .
A dog waits as his owner rummages through a collection of stuff .
A man holding the leash of a pug bends down to look in a bin at an outdoor rummage sale .
A man with a pug dog bends over to pick something off the sidewalk .
A man with a pug on a leash bending down to examine merchandise .
A person holding a small dog on a leash is bending over and looking through items .
A man climbing a mountain .
A man climbs a mountain .
A man is climbing the side of a mountain .
A shirtless man climbs up a steep mountain .
A young white man is climbing a mountain with a rope as a guide .
a woman in a black overcoat and red hair with man in white walking behind her
A woman wearing a black coat and sunglasses is standing in front of a man walking away with a backpack .
A woman wears sunglasses and a black coat as she walks .
There is a woman in a black jacket and sunglasses and a man in a white shirt with his back turned .
The woman in the dark coat is facing the camera , while the man in the blue shirt faces away .
A football player in red and white is holding both hands up .
Football players gather around the referees .
Football players gathering to contest something to collaborating officials .
Oklahoma University football players in front of a crowd of Sooners fans and next to three referees .
The red and white football team is talking with the officials .
a woman wearing a white helmeted looking up as she is calming a huge rock wall
A woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water .
People mountain climbing .
People rock crawl up a steep obstacle .
These helmeted people are rock climbing outdoors .
A smiling woman punching a dog .
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down .
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog .
The girl with the green scarf and the white dog appear to be playing .
The light brown dog with white spots is nibbling on the girls hand .
a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
The parasailer is skipping across the water .
A brown dog walks in the under brush .
A dog pauses in the bushes .
a dog runs through the long grass .
Brown dog with mouth open standing amidst greenery .
brown long-haired dog in garden .
A girl in a red jacket , surrounded by people .
A woman in a puffy red jacket poses for a picture at an ice skating rink .
A woman in a red coat is smiling , while people in the background are walking around in winter clothing .
A woman wearing a red coat smiles down at the camera .
The woman in a red jacket is smiling at the camera .
A girl is standing on one leg in the middle of the field .
A girl with her leg out on a lawn .
a little girl kicks into the air .
A warmly dressed girl kicks up her leg outdoors .
Person walking in the field .
A brown and white dog lays down in a grassy field .
A dog is crouching on the grass near a hurdle .
A dog races along the grassy track .
A tan and white dog is competing in an agility test .
Brown and white dog playing in the grass .
A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
Basketball players in action .
The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
Woman in white dribbling basketball .
A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
Two people standing on the sidewalk .
Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
A child puts dirt into his mouth .
A little boy who is playing outdoors is tasting dirt .
A small child squats and puts dirt into his mouth .
A toddler eats dirt .
The little boy wearing the blue shirt is putting dirt in his mouth .
A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
A man sits in an airplane seat holding a young girl in his arms , surrounded by other passengers .
A small girl wearing pink sleeps on a man 's lap as they ride in an airplane .
A young girl falls asleep in her father 's arms while seated on an airplane .
Little girl sleeping in crowded airplane
Young girl wearing a pink sweater sitting on a man .
A boy climbing a rocky area .
A boy climbs rocks in the woods .
A boy climbs up some rocks .
A young boy wearing a white hat is climbing rocks .
The boy is wearing a hat .
Three man looking into the distance
Three men are standing on a cliff overlooking mountains and the ocean .
Three men are staring at the big , green hills in the distance .
Three men looking at grass covered hill .
Three men stand on a mountain looking at another .
A child and floor covered in white powder .
A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
A young child covered with white powder .
A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
A city break dancer starts to spin .
A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
Children watch a man doing dance moves .
The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
A man crouched on a snowy peak .
A man in a green jacket stands in deep snow at the base of a mountain .
A man kneels in the snow .
A man measures the depth of snow .
A mountain hiker is digging steaks into the thck snow .
A black and brown dog is walking in the water and looking at the camera .
A black dog with brown on his face is swimming .
a brown and black dog swimming in a river
A large dog looks up as he swims .
Dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera .
A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
A boy is jumping on a bed .
A boy jumped up from the green bed .
A boy jumps from one bed to another .
A small child is jumping on a bed .
The boy in blue shorts is bouncing on the bed .
Several basketball players are grabbing for the ball during a game .
The basketball player in white holds the ball .
Three basketball players leap to grab a ball .
three men are playing a game of basketball
Three men are playing basketball .
A girl is cold after coming out of the pool and is covered by a towel .
A little girl is covered in a towel at a swimming pool .
a toddler is with wet hair stands by swimming pool wrapped in a towel .
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool .
A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
Two women are walking casually down the street together .
A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
A man dances with a girl .
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth .
A dog is in the paddling pool playing with a ball .
A dog plays with a ball in a kiddie pool .
A dog splashing in a small pool with a small football .
The white and black dog plays in a blue pool with a ball .
two children are playing on a swing made out of a tire .
Two children swing around in a tire swing at a park .
Two children swinging on a tire swing .
two small children happily playing on a tire swing .
Two small children wearing blue jeans enjoy swinging in a tire swing .
A man leaping into the air with a mountain vista behind him .
A man poses as he jumps from rock to rock in a forest .
A man steps off of a boulder .
A young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop .
A young man poses as he jumps in midair between two rocks in a highland .
A black dog on a rocky beach .
A black dog walks along an ocean front .
A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks .
a black dog walks on the sand .
Black dog walking on the beach after swimming in the ocean .
A homeless man in a white cap is standing behind large , orange cones .
A homeless man standing in a construction site .
A homeless man stands with a sign next to orange construction cones .
A man holds a sign reading " HOMELESS ANYTHING HELPS " near a construction site .
Stacks of orange safety cones in front of a man holding up a homeless sign .
A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach .
A man and a woman share a kiss on the beach .
A man with a brown hooded jacket is kissing a girl with sunglasses .
There is a couple kissing on the beach .
Two people kiss on the beach .
A child in a black shirt standing on a wooden dock near a picnic table .
A little boy is smiling for the camera on a playground
A young boy holds onto a blue handle on a pier .
A young child stands on a wood dock next to the water .
Boy in green sweater with white stripe on sleeve standing on wood planked floor with body of water in the background .
A man racing on a motorbike
A motorcycle rider drives fast around a curve on a track .
A person wearing a red and white uniform is racing a motorcycle with the number 58 on it .
A red and white motorcycle is being ridden around a bend on a racetrack .
Red and white motorbike number 58 races around the track .
A group of boys play basketball together .
Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
These people are playing basketball outdoors .
two men playing basketball under a blue sky
Two bicycles are standing behind two people sitting on the grass near a body of water .
Two blonde women sit beside their bicycles in the grass beside a body of water .
Two girls are sitting on a path by a river with their bicycles parked beside them .
Two people are sitting by a pond , next to their bikes .
Two women sitting in the grass with their bikes behind them .
Three people stand by a doorway posing for a photograph .
Two men and a woman pose for a picture .
Two men and a woman smile at the camera .
Two men and a woman standing near a doorway .
Two men and a woman with their arms around each other .
A man gets lots of air time as he wakeboards .
A man is waterskiing on one ski and jumping out of the water .
A wakeboarder leaps in the air .
A waterskier is jumping through the air whilst holding onto the line .
The man on the board uses the wave to jump high into the air .
Dogs chase each other .
Two brown and white dogs wrestle while running across the wet sand .
Two dogs , identical white with brown spots wrestle on jet black sand .
Two white and brown dogs playing on a beach .
Two white dogs with brown markings playing .
An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
two men sit on a bench .
Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
A dog is running awkwardly .
A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
A crowd watching a dirt bike race
A group of people on the sidelines of an ATV race .
A line of people staring at the vehicles on the dirt track
A line of spectators at a race .
People standing at fence watching motor vehicles in field
A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
A group of women are performing onstage .
People in a dance
Some women in white perform on a stage .
Women participate in a skit onstage .
Women who look alike are performing on a stage .
A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
A man is doing tricks on a bicycle on ramps in front of a crowd .
A man on a bike executes a jump as part of a competition while the crowd watches .
A man rides a yellow bike over a ramp while others watch .
Bike rider jumping obstacles .
Bmx biker Jumps off of ramp
A child with a pink headband and blue shirt smiling .
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
A young girl is wearing a purple shirt and pink headband .
A young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods .
Smiling young girl wearing pink headband and lavender shirt
a lone snowboarder jumping in the air doing a trick .
A man in black is taking a jump on a snowboard .
A person riding a snowboard jumps high over the snowy hill .
A person with a yellow and black striped snowboard jumps on the snowy hill .
a snowboarder jumps off the snow jump .
Three children are playing in sand near to the beach .
Three children playing in sand at beach
Three girls play in the sand .
Three little blond girls , two in blue , one in pink , play on a sunny beach .
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand .
A boy without a shirt is running in the street while several people stand behind him .
A little boy dances with a group of people behind him on a city street .
A small boy dances on the concrete surrounded by adults .
The little boy wearing no shirt is running by a crowd of people .
The shirtless little boy is walking around adults .
A rock climber repels off a rocky wall .
A woman climbing a rock cliff .
A woman in jeans rock climbing .
The woman is holding onto a huge rock and has red string around her .
Woman goes rock climbing .
A boy held by a man points his arm towards the sky , as another boy peers through his hands into the air .
A boy in a blue and white shirt is pointing up and a second boy in a white shirt shields his eyes .
a man holding a young boy on his shoulder .
One child is pointing to the sky and another is trying to block the sun to look
One man looks into the distance next to another who has his hand in the air .
a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
A boy climbs rocks .
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him .
A man watches two small boys playing in a naturally formed rock .
Children playing on rocks .
Kids play in a rocky area .
A three person sky dive team in the air performing a stunt .
Three people , wearing parachutes , are free-falling together through the sky .
Three skydivers are in formation above the clouds .
Trio of skydivers holding hands in sky .
Two people are parachuting over white clouds .
A blonde woman in black jeans is sitting on a wall examining her nails .
A woman in black jeans sits on the railing of a bridge with a harbor in the background .
A young woman sitting on a ledge with a black purse looking at her finger nails .
girl sitting on wall looking at her nails
The girl has a black purse and is sitting on the side of a ledge .
Two dogs playing in the water .
Two dogs playing in the water , one is bounding at the other .
Two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .
Two white dogs are splashing around in white waves .
Two white , long-haired dogs playing in the ocean
an older asian lady holding the hand of a little asian girl .
Asian woman holds little girl 's hand in park-like area , points off-camera .
A woman holding a little girls hand is pointing to something trying to show her .
A woman holds the hand of a small girl and points towards the bushes .
The woman is holding the girls hand near a bush .
A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
A dog running in the grass around sheep .
a boy holds two sparklers .
A boy plays with sparklers at night .
A child holds sparklers in the dark .
A little boy holds fire sprinklers out in front of him .
A small boy holding two fireworks sparklers .
Two boys are sitting in front of a structure eating Popsicles .
Two boys eating popscicles outside .
Two boys sitting and eating ice cream .
Two little boys are sitting on a step eating ice lollipops .
Two young boys eating red and blue popcycles .
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow .
A large white dog watching a little black dog run in the snow .
A small dog and a large dog in the snow .
A tall white dog sits and watches a small black dog run around him in the snow .
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow .
A black and white dog is running on the beach .
A dog runs on the beach .
Black and white dog on wet sand .
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand .
This large black and white dog is running on the sand .
little girls in swimsuits are laughing
A girl in a yellow bathing suit laughs and points at a girl in an orange suit while another girls looks on .
Girl in bathing suit pointing and laughing at child in orange bathing bottoms while another girl looks on
The girl in yellow is laughing at the girl wearing orange whilst being watched by the girl in blue .
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building .
A basketball player preparing to shoot the ball
A basketball player takes a shot .
A black man playing basketball with orange shoes
Basketball player with 32 on jersey jumps to make a shot , crowd in background .
Miami basketball player shooting
A blonde boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest .
A boy carries a huge snake around his neck outside .
A boy has a large snake wrapped around him .
A little boy in a green shirt is holding a large snake .
A young boy has a snake draped over his shoulders .
A boy in a park playing with two orange balls .
A boy in a purple shirt tosses orange balls on a lawn .
A little boy in a purple shirt and blue shorts playing with orange balls .
Boy playing on the grass with an orange ball .
Little boy juggling orange balls in the park with a playground behind him .
A man in a lime green vest directs traffic
A policeman wearing a green vest blows his whistle and moves his arms .
A policeman wearing a neon green vest has a whistle in his mouth while directing traffic .
A police officer in a yellow vest directs traffic .
A traffic director wears a yellow safety suit marked , " Seattle Police . "
a boy holding an oar walk through the ocean .
a boy is carrying a paddle whilst walking through the water on a beach .
A boy is on the beach with a paddle in his hand as he walks through the ocean water .
A boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach .
A little boy walks with a paddle out into the sand .
A mama bear and its cub are growling directly at one another .
The bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open .
Two bears are growling at each other .
Two bears bare their teeth at one another .
Two brown bears touching , face to face , with mouths open .
A group of dogs runs beside a pond through a field .
several multicolored dogs running through the grass .
Three black dogs , two with tan markings , are running along grass .
Three dogs running through a field .
Three dogs run on scrubby grass , a lake and picnic table nearby .
A man in blue pants repels off a cliff over water .
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water .
An individual rappelling down a cliff towards the water
A person hangs from a rope on a cliff
Someone dangles on a rope from a rocky cliff over the ocean .
A group of woman hold each other up to catch a ball .
A women 's sports squad performs some tricks , including lifting members high and tossing a ball .
Team members being lifted up high to catch a flying ball .
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball .
Woman being lifted by other women play volleyball .
A crowd of people are standing around a yellow-suited musician .
A man in yellow set up a band next to a crowd .
A musician and a crowd next to stage full of musical instruments .
Man in yellow-gold suit and hat leaning forward with musical instruments to his right .
The man in the yellow suit stands near musical instruments and a crowd .
A boy in a blue sweatshirt playing Frisbee with two black dogs .
A man stands in the snow and holds a toy up while a black dog jumps for it .
a young person playing in the snow with two black dogs .
The man is playing with two dogs in the snow .
Two dogs play with a human and a disc in the snow .
A big hound dog walking on a log in the woods .
A brown dog walks on top of a felled tree trunk .
A grey dog walks on top of a fallen tree in the woods .
A skinny brown dog walks across a large piece of fallen tree .
The skinny brown dog is walking on a fallen tree .
A man in a black hoodie watching a man in a red cap .
A man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .
A man wearing a red hat looks down as another man watches .
Two men are standing on the street covered in graffiti .
Two people on a street , one person looking down .
A man surfs by the Golden Gate bridge on a foggy day .
A surfer rides a wave under a red bridge .
A surfer by a bridge in foggy conditions
A surfer under a bridge .
Man surfing under the Golden Gate Bridge on a foggy day .
A child wearing black and purple playing baseball .
A girl closes her eyes as she swings the bat and misses the softball .
A girl playing softball takes a strike .
A girl playing softball , taking a swing .
A softball player swinging at a softball and missing it .
Two elderly people walk down a city sidewalk by words written in chalk .
Two men walk along a busy city street with words printed on the sidewalk .
Two men walk through a city with words on the street .
Two older men in business attire are walking in a city , text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk .
Two people walk down a city street that has writing on it .
A little boy runs away from the approaching waves of the ocean .
A little girl runs across the wet beach .
A little girl runs on the wet sand near the ocean .
A young girl runs across a wet beach with the ocean in the background .
Child running on the beach .
An Asian girl performs a routine with two red flags in a square .
a person waving long red flags
A woman plays with long red ribbons in an empty square .
Lady waving two long red streamers around
Two people work with long ribbons in a Chinese courtyard .
The 2 runners are ready for the track .
Two people are in running race starting position with a long lane field ahead of them .
Two runners are at the starting blocks , readying for a race .
Two runners are at the starting line getting ready to race .
Two runners get ready to race on a track .
A black dog and a tan dog fighting .
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the ground .
A black dog bites a white dog while standing on the sand .
two dogs fight .
Two dogs , one white and one black , play with each other in the sand .
A child at a water park is sprayed from all sides by a ring of water .
A child in a pink and black bathing suit walks through water mist from colored rings .
A young girl stands under three large rings that shoot water in a water park .
Colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit .
The little girl in her bathing suit stands near the sprinkers and squeals .
A girl doing the splits in the air while jumping on a trampoline .
a young woman is jumping on a trampoline
Girl in black and white top and black leggings jumping on trampoline .
The girl is jumping on a trampoline , outdoors in a backyard .
Young woman jumping on trampoline .
A white dog runs past another dog who is standing beside some patio furniture .
Two dogs are outside near patio furniture .
two small brown and white dogs standing beside some white chairs
Two small dogs play on the lawn .
Two small white dogs play in the yard .
A man in swim trunks and a red life vest jet skiing .
A man waterskiing with one hand .
A man wearing a red life jacked is holding a purple rope while waterskiing .
A man wearing swimming trunks is waterskiing backwards using only one hand .
Person in red ski jacket skiing backwards
A bunch of dogs and kids playing in a swimming pool .
Dogs and people play in a pool .
Five dogs are swimming and four people are wading , together inside a dog park pool .
People and several dogs in a swimming pool in a park like setting .
Several people and dogs are in or near a large outdoor swimming pool .
A dog with a muzzle is leading several other dogs in a race
A greyhound leaps in a race .
A muzzled dog in a race , with four dogs following .
Five dogs are racing .
Five dogs are racing on a dirt track .
A boy in a green soccer outfit hangs from a machine .
A boy in a green soccer uniform hangs upside down from a farm vehicle .
A child hanging from a hay bale loader .
A young boy is tilted over on a cart smiling at the camera
The girl is hanging off of the tractor equipment .
A black and gray dog
two black dogs fight .
two black poodles fighting .
Two black poodles playfully tussle on a grassy , manicured lawn .
Two small black dogs facing each other with their mouths open .
A girl in a white dress walks next to a girl in a blue dress .
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress onstage .
A young girl with makeup and jewelry smiles .
Blonde girl in white top with stars standing beside brunette woman in blue top with stars .
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event .
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand .
A girl sits patiently as another one draws henna on her .
The girl is standing as the other girl with glasses works on her hand painting .
The woman in the white sweater is painting a tattoo on the teenager 's hand .
Two girls at a table with papers between them .
A man in a white shirt swinging a stick
A man in a white shirt walks in the tall grass holding a stick .
A man is walking in a field carrying a stick .
A man with a stick in his left hand in a field
Man near golf course preparing to throw a stick
A person is laughing on a roller coaster ride .
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day .
People are in a ride that drops you from a great height .
People on an amusement park ride .
People on a ride at a fair .
A baby in a white garment holds a flag with crescent moon and star .
A baby is holding a small black flag with a moon and a star on it .
A baby wearing a white gown waves a Muslim flag .
A little toddler dressed in white is smiling while a lady helps him wave a flag .
Baby in white outfit holding black and white flag .
A black dog is looking at the ball on the beach by the ocean .
A dog and a ball on a beach .
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby .
A dog stands on a beach at sunset .
Dog in shadow on beach at sunset .
A man in black shorts is stretching out his leg .
A man practicing a high kick on the cement near the grass .
A young , fit man wearing short does a high right kick in the air .
A young man practices a martial art kicking skill in front of his home in the early morning .
A young man wearing shorts and no shirt is high kicking as water flies from his clothing .
Two girls running through pool while water sprays over them
Two girls run through a sprinkler in a pool .
Two smiling little girls playing in a fountain with other people .
Two young girls are running through shallow water at a pool .
Two young girls run through a pool while water sprays them .
A little girl hugs another little girl .
A young child is being held by another child looking straight at us .
Two toddlers posing for the camera .
Two young children holding each other and posing .
Two young girls hug .
A body of water at sunset .
A sunset over a lake .
A sunset sky over rippling water .
A water scene with a sunset in the background .
This is a beautiful sunset on the water .
A man skiing down a hill .
A man skis down a snowy hill .
A person skis downhill .
a skier dressed in black speeds down the mountain .
Closeup of a skier with his poles out wide to the side .
A group of dogs pull a person on a dog sled up a hill .
Dogsled rider pulled past flags on snowy hill .
Dogs pulling a sled in a sled race .
Five sled dogs are pulling a person on a sled , through the snow .
The man is mushing his dogs on a snow trail
a brunette girl wearing sunglasses and a yellow shirt
A girl in sunglasses smiles .
A girl wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses smiles .
a girl wearing sunglasses smiles for the camera .
A woman with a yellow shirt wears sunglasses and smiles .
A black and white dog chases a pink Frisbee .
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee .
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court .
A black and white dog is running with a pink Frisbee next to him
A dog runs to catch a Frisbee on AstroTurf .
A bird flying in the air
a bird flies low to the ground .
A bird with its wings spread
A hawk flies down towards the grass .
A hawk is flying , trailing lines from its legs .
A man performing a skateboard jump off the top of a ramp .
A skateboarder becomes airborne at the top of a black and yellow ramp .
A skateboarder does a trick on a black and yellow striped ramp .
Skateboarder flying over ramp outside .
This man is doing a stunt on a skateboard outdoors .
a climber is between two large red rocks .
A man squeezes between two rock formations .
a man wearing a yellow shirt and white hardhat stands inside a crevice between two rock faces .
A rock climber standing in a crevasse .
The rock climber appears to be stuck between a rock and a hard place .
A group of people stand together and look at the camera .
A man , a woman , a girl , and a younger girl look puzzled and concerned .
A man , woman and one girl face the camera , while one girl faces away .
Oriental man , and two women facing camera and young child with back to camera .
Three people looking concerned facing us , a girl in a backback facing away .
Boy pulls other boy over back .
One boy hoists another boy up on his back .
One child lifts another on his back , inside a room .
The boy in the gray shirt is holding the boy in the red shirt on his back .
Two boys are back to back as one holds up the other .
A dirt biker leaps through the air .
A person on a motorcyle does a stunt in the air .
Man on a dirt bike
Motocross rider during jump wearing black and white striped helmet
The red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees .
A little boy with a blue shirt is wearing a helmet and riding a two wheeled bike .
a young boy rides a purple bike .
A young child is riding a purple bike .
A young child rides a small purple bike while wearing a red helmet .
A young child wearing a bike helmet rides a two wheel bike .
Two dogs jumping on one another on a grassy area covered in leaves .
Two dogs play with each other in the leaves .
Two puppies are playing in the leaves .
two puppies playing with each other surrounded by a bunch of leaves
Two small dogs , light and dark colored , fighting on leaves .
A dog runs in the snow .
An off-white dog has his mouth open as he bounds through the fenced-in snowy area .
A white dog runs past a fence on a snowy day .
A white dog with a black collar runs in the snow .
A white poodle is running in the snow , near a chain link fence .
A woman holding onto a camera smiling at the camera .
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .
A woman with a camera on a tripod is smiling for another camera .
People at a photo shoot .
The woman in blue is operating a camera in front of two other women .
A boy with a beach ball behind him playing in a pool
A young boy plays around in a jacuzzi .
Children play in an inflatable pool .
The boy laughed as he swam in the pool .
Two children are in a pool with a beach ball floating nearby .
A boy in a swimsuit jumping into water .
A boy in blue camo pants jumping into water .
A boy is about to jump into the water .
A boy jumps into the water at a beach .
A young man leaps into the water .
A man in an orange shirt flips his skateboard on a suburban street .
A man in a red shirt is performing an aerial trick with a skateboard on a sidewalk .
A skateboarder in the air above his board on a residential street .
A young man jumps up off his skateboard on the street in front of a house .
The guy is wearing a red shirt and doing a aerial flip with his skateboard .
A closeup of an elderly man .
A man poses outdoors .
A man with a red collar and gray beard looks at the camera .
An older man wearing a black jacket standing outside .
Bearded man in fleece jacket smiles for a picture , the background is blurry
A brown dog jumping over a obstacle .
A dark brown dog wearing a yellow harness is jumping over a hurdle in an agility competition .
A dark dog is competing in a dog show competition .
Brown dog with yellow harness jumping over white obstacle
Dog jumping a hurdle in a sporting event .
A toddler girl plays with another younger toddler girl .
Two babies sitting on a playmat reaching for something
Two babies are sitting close together while reaching for something .
Two children sitting on the floor .
Two young children sitting together playing .
a group of people inside a building that overlooks a large mountain
A large window with a mountain range while onlookers stand in front .
People look out the window at mountains .
People stand and look out the window to view the mountain .
Sillhouttes of people in front of a mountain and in front of a window .
a boy in an orange jacket climbes through a play tunnel
A boy slides through a tube .
A smiling child slides down a slippery tube slide
A young boy wearing a red coat is playing in a long tunnel .
Smiling boy in tube , extending had toward camera .
A black boy in orange and white trucks on playing in the sand .
A black boy is sitting in the sand .
A boy plays in the sand .
A young child wearing a striped bathing suit sits on the sand .
The boy sits in the sand with no shirt .
A little boy takes a picture at the park .
A young boy is looking through binoculars at a playground .
A young boy wearing a blue and red hat is using a camera near a swing set .
Little boy takes photos outside .
The little boy is taking a picture with the camera .
A child sitting at a restaurant table holding a paper mask against his face .
A child with a mask on sitting at a table with a plate in front .
A young child wearing a mask at Ivars .
Child in a restaurant posing with a paper mask
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant .
A boy with an orange shirt smiles , while a boy in a blue shirt looks on .
A little boy in a tan hat on the ground of a play area .
A smiling boy in an orange shirt with a safari hat sits at the playground , while a boy in a blue shirt looks on .
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment .
Two boys , one wearing a hat , in a playground .
A little boy in a red jacket plays on a jungle gym .
A little boy playing on a playground .
A small black child plays on an outdoor jungle gym .
A young boy in a black sweatshirt and red vest plays on a red jungle gym .
boy playing on some metal bars
During a game of rugby , a man tackles another .
Men play football .
The guys are playing a sport .
The man with the soccor ball is being hit by another man .
Three men play ball in a field .
A coach talks to a football player during a timeout .
A football coach speaks with a player .
A football player in red and white is talking to a coach .
Coach talks with football player , other players and crowd in background .
There is a football player in a red jersey on the field talking to his coach .
A laughing woman holding a little girl .
An older woman and a young child are all smiles in a photo together .
A smiling woman embracing a young girl in a jacket with an apple print .
A woman holding a girl , who wears an apple themed coat .
A woman with a pink sweater is smiling as she holds a child .
A blond boy in a dark hoodie is holding a fishing rod .
A boy on the beach casts a fishing pole in the water .
A little boy is holding a fishing rod .
A young boy wearing a black hoodie is holding a fishing pole .
A young male holding a fishing pole .
Twin girls in orange shirts and green pants are jumping .
Twins in orange shirts jumping on a trampoline .
Two girls with orange shirts .
Two identically dressed young children jump outside .
Two young twin girls in matching green and orange outfits jump in the air .
a lone skier skiing down a snowy mountain on one ski .
A man skis downhill on a mountain .
A mountain skier heads down a mountain .
A skier in a blue outfit is skiing down the hill with a red pack on his back .
A snowboarder on a wide plain of snow
A distant person is climbing up a very sheer mountain .
A panoramic distance view of a rock climber going up a steep mountain wall .
person rock climbing
There is a person scaling a very steep rock wall .
This person is climbing the side of a mountain .
A brown dog laying in the grass with a white chew toy .
A brown dog lying in the grass playing with a white rag .
A brown dog sitting on grass
A dog sitting on grass .
Orange dog with knotted white rag on grass .
A boy in his blue swim shorts at the beach .
A boy smiles for the camera at a beach .
A young boy in swimming trunks is walking with his arms outstretched on the beach .
Children playing on the beach .
The boy is playing on the shore of an ocean .
A long haired drummer plays music outdoors .
A man with long hair and tattoos plays a drum outdoors .
A musician plays a drum while his hair covers his face , and tattoos dot his arms .
A tatooed person shakes their hair and beats a drum .
The drummer beats the drums at an outdoor concert .
A dog is running with a yellow tennis ball and wearing a red harness .
a small black and white dog running through the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth
Small black and white dog wearing a red harness is running around with a ball in its mouth .
Small dog with red harness fetching a ball .
The dog wearing the red collar is running across the grass with a ball in its mouth .
A darked skinned male is standing on one palm in front of a yellow building .
a man break dances .
A man holding himself with one arm i front of a store .
A young man jumps on a table .
This black man appears to be break dancing on the pavement .
A crowd is watching a dog climb up a staircase .
A dog is running through an obstacle course in front of a group of people .
A dog performs a trick on a ladder in front of a crowd observing his talent .
Large brown dog walks up a blue staircase .
Onlookers watch a German Shephard climb steps on an obstacle course .
A man and a girl sit on the ground and eat .
A man and a little girl are sitting on a sidewalk near a blue bag eating .
A man and young girl eat a meal on a city street .
A man wearing a black shirt and a girl wearing an orange shirt sitting on the pavement eating .
A man wearing a black shirt and a little girl wearing an orange dress share a treat .
A black dog carrying an object out of the water .
A black dog carrying some seaweed out of the water .
A black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth .
A black dog with a stick in its mouth is walking out of the water onto a beach .
A dog retrieves a branch from on a beach .
A couple are walking along a street while the man carries a toddler over one shoulder .
A couple is walking away while an infant sleeps on the father 's shoulders .
A man carries a child while he walks with a woman .
A man holding a sleeping child walks with a woman .
The man walking next to the woman up the steps has a sleeping child on his shoulder .
A man in a brown jacket is leading a black shire horse .
A man walking a large black horse .
Man in brown jacket leading black horse
Man leads a black show horse as crowd observes .
The man is walking with a draft horse
A person wearing a blue jacket , blue jacket and black earmuffs is holding up a newspaper .
A woman holding a newspaper .
A woman holds a newspaper that says " Real change " .
A woman with ear muffs holds a paper that says " real change " on the cover .
A woman in holding up a newspaper headline reading " Real Change . "
A kite surfer is doing a flip over the waves .
a man jumps over a wave on his surfboard .
A person on a parasail jumps off a wave .
A silver craft rides the waves .
A windsurfer angles over a wave .
A brown and black dog on a leash is sniffed by a black and white dog .
A dog on a leash walks on the sidewalk while another dog follows .
A small dog on a leash is being smelled by another animal .
The black and white dog is sniffing the butt of the brown dog that is on a leash .
Two small dogs , one black-and-white and one brown-and-black , walk down the street .
A group of girls and guys hang out , one is making a sad face .
A group of women ; one serious , one frowning , and another smiling .
A woman in a pink sweater looks pensive next to a crowd of laughing women .
A young girl gazes at something in the distance as those around her talk .
There are oriental people standing together .
A boy soccer player running down the field .
A small boy wearing red runs towards a soccer ball .
A young boy dressed in a red uniform kicks the soccer ball on the field as another child in blue watches from behind .
A young boy wearing a red uniform lines up to kick a soccer ball .
Little boy in red getting ready to kick soccer ball while other boy watches .
Two Dobermans fighting or playing together on a lawn .
Two dogs fight on the grass .
two dogs play together .
Two dogs wrestle in the grass .
Two large dogs are fighting with teeth bared near some trees .
A child plays on the floor .
A little girl throws a pink and yellow chunk of chalk .
A small girl is sitting on the cement dropping some chalk
A young child plays with sidewalk chalk by dropping it on the gound .
A young girl throwing her pink chalk .
A crowd of dark skinned people standing outside of white tents .
A group of people stand and sit on the dirt near a line of several white tents .
A group of refugees and sitting next to their tents .
People are gathered by a tree beside a line of white tents .
Some people sit , and some stand in a group of families before a background of white tents with UN markings .
Two bicycle riders in twilight on the shore .
Two children on bikes riding on a desolate street near water and a streetlamp .
Two kids ride their bikes by the ocean , in the evening .
Two people are on bikes are next to a white building .
Two people are riding bikes on a vacant street near the ocean .
a boy enjoys a rain shower .
A boy in bathing trunks is standing under a water shower .
A boy in swim trunks screams while being sprayed with water .
A boy is squinting while being sprayed with water from a flat ground surface .
A boy wearing black swimming trunks is standing in a fountain .
A boy in black winter clothes sits on an inflated sled by a mound of snow .
A child rides down the snow in a tube .
The kid is on a float in the snow .
There is a person sitting on a plastic blow-up float in the high piled snow .
This person , bundled up for the snow , slides down the hill on an intertube .
People are standing on an escalator moving up .
people go up the escalator .
People ride up an escalator .
People travel up the elevator together .
Several people ride up an escalator .
a brown and black dog jumping through a field of long blades of grass
A dog runs through the tall grass .
A dog wearing a red harness runs across a field
Black and brown dog with red harness in high grass .
Dog running through the weeds .
A pack of black dogs running in grass .
Five black dogs run in a field .
Five black dogs running across the grass .
Many black dogs run in a grassy area .
The black dogs are running in a grassy field
a man stands outside a bank selling watermelons .
A man with a red Shriner hat is looking at watermelons in front of a bank .
Dark colored Mercury car parked in front of PNC Bank .
The man is looking at watermelons for sale outside of a bank .
There is a man , wearing a funny hat , standing in front of a bank .
A child swings on a swing .
A kid is upside down on a swing .
a young child in a purple shirt hanging upside down on a swing
Little girl , upside down on swing .
The girl wears a purple outfit and swings upside down .
A dog bites an object offered by a person .
A dog playing with a dog toy as someone tries to pull it from its mouth .
a golden retriever plays with a toy .
The photographer is playing tug-of-war with a dog .
Two dogs fighting for the same chew toy .
One child reaches up for something while another stands beside him .
One child with a colourful toy and another child reaching up .
Two babies in sweaters playing with a toy .
Two children have expressions of happiness as they reach for something out of sight .
Two kids playing on a street
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with his skateboard .
A man wearing a red shirt is skateboarding .
A skateboarder is performing a trick in the air .
A skateboarder jumps in the air .
Person doing a skateboard trick in midair .
A boy with red shorts is holding a basketball in a basketball court .
A young boy is playing basketball in an official game .
The boy is playing basketball .
The boy runs with the basketball while looking up .
The children are playing basketball indoors .
A homeless man living on the street
A man covered with a blanket is asleep on the sidewalk .
A man sleeps under a blanket on a city street .
A man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city .
The man is sleeping under a blanket in the street as the crowds pass by .
A couple are looking at an area map .
A man and woman are standing in front of an art gallery , looking at a map .
Tourists examine a sign .
Two people are reading a sign in front of a museum .
Two people read a sign in front of a museum .
an elderly woman is riding a bicycle in the city as a yellow taxi is about to pass by .
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street .
An older woman with blond hair rides a bicycle down the street .
A woman in a grey overcoat rides her bicycle along a street .
Older woman wearing glassses riding a bicycle with a shopping bag on the handle , yellow car is in the background .
A backpacker in the mountains using his hiking stick to point at a glacier .
A backpacker points to the snow-capped mountains as he stands on a rocky plain .
A hiker is pointing towards the mountains .
A hiker poses for a picture in front of stunning mountains and clouds .
A man with a green pack using his pole to point to snowcapped mountains .
A girl wets her head in a white bucket .
A little girl dips her hair into a bucket filled with water .
A little girl has dunked her head in a bowl of water .
A little girl in a dress lifts her soaked head from a bucket .
a young girl lifting her wet hair out of a white bucket
A smiling girl in glasses and a blue-gray scarf with a smiling girl in a black coat leaning on her shoulder .
A woman leaning her head on the shoulder of another woman .
Two girls , one wearing glasses , dressed in cold weather clothing smile for the camera .
Two warmly dress girls posing for a picture outdoors
Two young woman hug and pose together for a picture .
A man in the near distance is pointing to a silver sedan near him .
A man is playing tennis with himself against a large wall in a parking lot .
A man walks toward a car in a parking lot .
Man stands outside against wall with tennis racket in dark .
The man is playing tennis against the building .
A female hockey player in blue is challenging the player in white for the ball .
Two girls are fighting for the ball in indoor field hockey .
Two women with blue and white uniforms playing floor hockey
Two young female floor hockey players fight over the ball .
Women playing a game similar to hockey , but with no ice .
A woman in red shorts is writing on a tablet .
A woman wearing a white shirt and red pants is writing something down at a museum .
A woman writing while standing by men .
The lady is taking notes .
The lady is wearing a white shirt with red pants and writing on a note pad .
A dog chases a ball that has dropped in the water .
A dog on a log looks at a splash in the water as another dog looks on .
dogs playing in a stream
Two dogs are staring at a splash in the water
Two dogs look at something splashing in the water .
A boxy building , A group of trees , a church at sunset .
A crowd of people are gathered with a sky scene in the background .
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
A very large group of people stand outdoors under the beautiful clouds .
Large crowd of people gathered together .
A bunch of asian children on steps .
A large group of Asian children sit on or stand near steps .
Group of children in blue uniforms sitting on steps .
Little children in school uniforms congregate on the steps .
Many school children dressed in the same uniform are sitting on stairs .
A girl in a blue swimsuit walks into the ocean .
A woman running into surf .
A woman walking into the waves .
Girl is wading through the gray ocean .
woman in blue bathing suit going into the water
A boy in red and blue shorts is trying to catch a soccer ball while running in sand .
A young boy wearing a red bathing suit reaches for a soccer ball .
Kid guards face from soccer ball
The little boy in red trunks is attempting to catch a soccer ball that is coming towards him .
Young boy plays ball on the beach .
Two bmx riders racing on a track
Two motocross bikes are being raced around a dirt track .
Two motocross riders next to each other on a dirt track .
Two motorcyclists are on a dirt track .
Two people wearing racing uniforms are riding racing motorcycles .
A large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building .
A man dressed in black is waiting at a crosswalk .
A man dressed in black stands at a street corner near a crossing light .
A man stands at a traffic light , waiting to cross the street .
Man in black waits at crossing signal near large brick building .
A few boats ride in the water in front of a city skyline .
A large boat drives through the harbor .
A white boat is cruising near a large city backdrop .
Small yachts in harbor , city in background .
There is a white boat in the bay with a city in the background .
A girl is in a parking lot jumping rope .
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot .
A little girl jumps rope through a parking lot
A young girl jumps rope in a parking lot in the mid-day sun .
Girl jumping rope in parking lot
A boy and girl playing with buckets in a lawn sprinkler
A girl and boy are playing with buckets of water in the garden overlooking a lake .
A girl with a bucket of water is being chased by a boy with a bucket of water .
A young girl and young boy are playing with pails of water with the ocean in the background .
Children play in a sprinkler near a beach .
Men standing on shore with fishing pole and boat in water
Two fisherman looking at the water .
Two men holding their fishing poles .
Two men stand near the water with their fishing poles .
Two men with fishing rods are standing on a shore
Children play with large hoops .
Little kids playing with sparklers at night .
Two small children are twirling sparkling rope .
Two young boys playing with sparklers .
Two young children and an older man play with sparklers .
A girl in a pink dress blows bubbles on a wharf .
A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock .
A little girl blows bubbles in a courtyard with a ship in the background .
Small girl blowing bubbles outside .
The girl in the pink dress is blowing bubbles on a walkway in front of a black ship .
A brown dog is swimming through water with an orange ball in its mouth .
A dark brow dog holds an orange ball in his mouth while walking through water .
A dog wading in the water with a ball in his mouth
A wet , brownish-red dog with an orange ball in his mouth is swimming in some water .
Brown dog in water , with orange and blue ball in mouth .
One dog leaps to catch a softball while another looks on .
The two dogs , one of which is leaping in the air , are chasing a ball outdoors .
two dogs jump for a ball on a green field .
Two dogs play catch with a ball in a field .
Two small dogs pursuing a ball across a grassy field .
A person in a blue jacket , wearing a bicycle helmet is riding a bike
A woman is riding her bicycle .
A woman riding a bike in a park
A woman with a blue jacket wears a helmet as she rides a bike .
A woman with a helmet riding a bike .
a couple walking down the street carrying bags
A man and a woman are carrying bags down an empty street .
A man and a woman walking down a street , carrying luggage .
Two people carrying various items walking down a city street .
Two people carry their bags down an unpaved road .
A man going skating down a slide while two kids look on .
A skateboarder in the air at a big , outdoor ramp .
A skateboarder is skating down a very steep ramp in a skate park .
Kids play on a skateboarding ramp in front of some trees .
Two young males watch another male skateboarding at a skate park .
A man fiddles with a shopping bag outside near a shopping cart .
A man gathers his belongings by the side of a building .
A man in a black cap is opening a bag beside a bicycle and a shopping cart .
A man looks in a bag near some grocery carts and a bike .
A man outside at a red brick building with a grocery cart , a bike , and miscellaneous .
A man dressed in grey climbing a large brown rock .
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall .
A man in shorts climbs a rock face .
Man climbing a rock wall .
The back of a man climbing a rock .
A girl in a white dress is playing with bubbles while a mother and daughter stand to the side .
A woman stands with two young girls in dresses looking at bubbles .
A young girl in a white dress watches bubbles while a woman and girl toddler observe .
Two girls looking at bubbles in the air .
Two little girls and an adult watch bubbles float through the air in front of them .
The three dogs are standing in the sand .
Three small dogs stand in the sand and stare at each other .
Three small dogs , two of which are sniffing noses .
Two dogs meet and check out a third dog at the beach .
Two small dogs facing a third dog .
A helmeted man jumping off a rock on a mountain bike .
A man jumping on his bmx with another bmxer watching .
A mountain biker is jumping his bike over a rock as another cyclist stands on the trail watching .
A person taking a jump off a rock on a dirt bike .
The bike rider jumps off a rock .
A basset hound is leashed to the rearview mirror of a yellow and white vehicle
a black and white dog tied to a yellow and white van
A dog , lying down , tethered to the side mirror of a yellow VW bus .
a dog with black , white , and brown coloring is leashed up to a mirror
The black and white dog is tethered next to a yellow car .
a skier helping a fellow skier get up from the snow
One climber helps another in the snow .
One mountaineer is kneeling on the ground next to another mountaineer who is standing .
two hikers in the snow adjusting rope equipment
Two people are hiking in the snow .
A dog swims towards a waterfall .
a tan and white dog swimming towards a waterfall
A yellow dog swims towards a waterfall .
The dog swims through the water toward the waterfall .
The dog swims towards a waterfall .
A black and brown dog with a tan dog on a cement path in front of grass
A black dog and a yellow dog are walking on asphalt next to a field of grass .
A blurry photo of two dogs .
a white dog is running behind a black dog on a paved path by some grass .
Two dogs walk along a path beside the grass .
A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard .
A skateboarder in black clothes jumps over a bench .
A skateboarder is performing a jump from a wooden bench .
A youth with brown hair is doing an ollie over a bench with his skateboard .
skateboarder in the air by a bench with advertisement
A child slides down a slide and into the water .
A girl sliding into a pool
A little girl in a white shirt sliding down a green slide splashing into a blue baby pool .
A little girl splashes in a pool of water .
Little girl slides down in the pool .
A child pushes a doll in a baby carriage .
A little girl pushing a baby doll stroller
A little kid in blue shoes is pushing a toy baby in a stroller .
A small child pushes a stroller down the street .
a young child carrying a doll in a stroller
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain .
a young blond girl standing in front of a large fenced in fountain
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A young in a white dress standing in front of a fence and fountain .
The little girl in a white dress is standing in front of the large park fountain .
a girl in a pink top is swinging with her hair flying everywhere .
A girl is swinging .
A girl is swinging and looking down with her hair flying .
A girl 's hair streams behind her as she swings
A girl with long hair flying in the breeze while she swings .
A boy swings a plastic bat .
A little blonde boy in a Winnie the Pool t-shirt holds up a red plastic bat .
A little boy holds a bat in the air waiting on the ball .
A little boy in a Winnie the Pooh T-shirt is waiting to swing his red bat .
A small child swings back a red baseball bat .
A surfer does a flip on a wave .
A surfer is 90 degrees to the water
A surfer is flipping up in the air on a surfboard .
a surfer jumps out of the water .
The surfer does a flip off of a wave .
A man stands atop a mountain with arms extended .
A person on top of a mountain with arms over head .
A person stands at the top of a mountain and raises his arms .
Man on top of a mountain with his arms in the air .
The man is standing on the rocks above the river with his arms in the air .
An african american in sunglasses and a white tee-shirt smiles .
A young black man in sunglasses is smiling broadly .
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling
Smiling bald , black man in sunglasses and a t-shirt .
The smiling black man is wearing a white t-shirt and dark sunglasses .
a black dog jumping to catch a rope toy
A black dog playing fetch with a ball of rope .
A black dog pounces to get a rope toy .
A black dog running after his rope toy .
A large black dog is playing in a grassy yard .
A mother is holding a child .
An adult is nuzzling a child that is looking into the distance .
A woman in a headdress is holding a little boy wearing blue .
A woman in a scarf looks sideways at the camera and holds a small child .
A woman wearing a head covering holding an infant
A dog chases a stuffed animal attached to a string .
A white and black dog chases after a decoy-animal on a string .
A white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string .
The white dog is chasing a toy that is attached to a string across the grass .
The white dog is running in the green grass .
A man is standing in front of glass doors with a blue spot and a pink spot .
A man is standing outside the glass doors of an art center .
A man stands at the entrance of Yerba Buena Center for the Arts .
A man walking through glass double doors .
Person standing at glass doors with big blue circle and big pink circle
a boy wearing a white shirt and pink shoelaces jumping on a railing
A man jumps of the handrail of an outdoor staircase .
A person on a skateboard .
A skateboarder is balancing on the rail of stairs .
A teenage boy jumps off a rail .
A group of large white and orange dogs are in the grass .
Dogs play with stick
Four dogs play together outside with sticks .
Four dogs play with each other and with sticks .
The dogs are playing with a stick outside .
A brown dog shakes himself dry .
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond .
A brown dog shaking off water .
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water .
A gray dog is shaking water from its body .
A bunch of people playing soccer .
A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms .
A soccer player jumping in air during a game .
Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne .
The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it .
A black dog is leaping into a creek .
A black dog is leaping over a stream of running water .
A black dog jumping off a river bank near a wooded area .
A wet black dog jumping into a lake .
A wet black dog leaps across a stream .
A black dog is running along a muddy stream surrounded by fall foliage .
A black dog is running down a path .
A curly clack dog is running down a natural path .
Dark colored dog leaping down a path .
Fuzzy dark gray dog running along a dirt path with weeds on the sides .
A blond haired child in a black outfit and red belt doing karate .
A child with a red sash practices martial arts .
A girl in a black outfit with a red sash and a black headband has one hand on her waist and one extended straight out .
A young boy wearing a black uniform with a red sash taking part in a martial arts exposition .
A young child with a red belt does a demonstration .
A child on the beach while a woman takes pictures nearby .
A little girl in red at the beach while a adult points a camera .
A man and a girl are at the shoreline while the man takes a picture and the girl hods a doll
A woman is taking a photograph on a beach at the edge of the water while a girl stands in the foreground .
A woman taking pictures of the surf and a child in the foreground .
An oriental florist arranging flowers
A person looking to the right standing between plants in buckets and a banana box .
A woman dressed in black standing at a green counter with barrels of flowers placed on it .
A woman is standing at a counter that is holding buckets of flowers .
The girl is sitting at the counter between the bucket of flowers and the cardboard boxes .
A boy drags his sled through the snow .
A boy in a blue jacket , carrying a red sled , running away , followed by a small dog
A child running with a snowboard on a snow covered surface .
A child wearing a blue coat runs along the snow while a small dog follows .
A young boy plays with his dog in the snow .
An adult and a child run on the beach .
A woman and a little girl playing in the sand next to the ocean
Two people run down the beach and one of them is pointing .
Two people running on a beach .
two people running on the shore of a beach
a boy pushes a wagon full of pumpkins .
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins .
A boy smiling , leaning over a wagon filled with two large pumpkins .
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it .
boy pushing wagon with two pumpkins in it
a man enjoying the view from top of a mountain
A man in a blue shirt sitting on the side of a mountain wearing a backpack .
A man in grey on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .
A man sits on a cliff and looks out over another mountain .
one man wearing a grey shirt and a backpack with snowy mountains in the backgroud
A black dog jumping from a dock into water .
A black dog jumping into a lake .
A black dog jumping off of a dock .
A black lab jumps off a dock into a pond .
A large black dog is jumping off a pier into a pond .
A female walking through grass .
A girl going towards a heard of sheep .
A girl walks toward a herd of sheep in the distance .
A girl walks towards some sheep in a grassy valley .
a woman walks to the cows .
The iguanas wrestled along the rocky water bank .
The two reptiles are standing on their back legs near deep water .
Two lizards fighting .
Two lizards fight in the water .
Two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond
A boy dressed in soccer attire and holding his shoes getting out of a car .
A boy in a red soccer strip is holding his boots in his hand whilst stepping out of a car .
A boy in glasses is wearing a red shirt .
A child getting out of the car wearing soccer shoes .
A young boy gets out of the van and prepares his shoes for wear during a soccer game .
A black dog and two brown and white dogs are romping in the mud .
The three dogs play in the sand .
Three dogs are playing in a field .
Three dogs are playing rough in a sandy field .
Three dogs chase and wrestle together on a dirt field .
a man stands alone on the rocks .
A man stands on a rocky cliff overlooking a body of water .
A person is standing on jagged rocks above the water below .
A person with a backpack stands on a rocky bank beside a body of water .
Person standing on rocky edge of water with hilly land in background .
A group of men are changing the shells on a cannon .
Group of men loading a cannon .
several men loading a metal cannon
Several people work on a machine .
Some men try to load what looks like a cannon .
A cyclist is airborne over a jump in a public skate and bike park .
A guy on a bicycle midair above a ramp , doing a trick .
A man in midair doing a bicycle stunt on a half pipe .
A person jumping a ramp with three people in the background .
The biker does a trick in the air .
A woman in a blue shirt guides her dog over an obstacle .
a woman is running beside a dog that is jumping over a red and white obedience training fence .
A woman next to a dog which is running an obstacle course .
A woman walking with a Sheltie through a competition obstacle course .
The dog is jumping over the hurdles beside a woman .
A man checks out the beautiful necklace a woman is wearing .
A man stands across from a woman and holds her necklace while she looks at him .
A man with a shocked expression on his face is holding a beaded necklace that is around a woman 's neck .
The man in the black hat holds the brown hair woman 's necklace .
There is a man looking a girls necklace .
A boy eating at a table .
A young boy in pajamas eats out of a red bowl at a wood table .
a young boy making a big mess on the floor and table while eating cereal
A young boy sits at a table and eats as food is spilled all around .
The boy in blue and white pajamas is sitting at the table eating .
The girls dance to the street musicians
Two girls in puffy skirts are dancing in front of some musicians in the street .
Two women are dancing while men play music behind them .
Two women dancing on a walkway with band in the background and pedestrians walking by
Two women in fluffy skirts dancing to music played by men , asking for money , while others pass them by .
A boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .
A boy in a striped shirt and hat does tricks on the steps .
A boy , wearing a baseball cap , jumps in the air near some steps .
a young man jumping through the air near a staircase
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air .
A boy in a tan coat throws some red leaves at the camera .
A boy throws red and orange leaves into the air .
A little boy is playing with the Autumn leaves .
Little boy with green shirt and brown jacket is throwing orange fall leaves .
Young boy tosses autumn leaves
A boy hangs from a t-bar while a man gives him a push .
A little boy being pushed by an older person on playground
A little boy is going down a pulley swing .
a man pushes a boy on a zip line .
A smiling boy slides down a rope while hanging on .
A man in blue jumping a dirt bike .
A man on a dirt bike , airborne .
A man on a motorcycle is jumping over a dirt hill in front of spectators .
A motocross rider wearing a blue uniform flies through the air .
A person in blue on a bike in midair .
a man carrying a sign that says free hug along the sidewalk .
A man holds up a " free hugs " sign above his head .
A man is holding a sign that says " Free Hugs " .
A young man in a black shirt is holding a Free Hugs sign .
The man is wearing a green shirt and blue jeans and carrying a free hugs sign .
A man doing a wheelie on a motorcycle .
A motorcyclist is pulling a wheelie on a motocross bike as he rides it up a dirt track .
a motorcyclist wearing a red and white jacket popping a wheelie on his motorcycle .
Person popping a wheelie on a dirt road .
The man is walking towards a group of people on a long dirt road .
A helmeted boy flies through the air on a snowboard .
A snowboarder balancing on a wall
A snowboarder in green grinds along the edge of a rail at night .
a snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumping a green rainling
A snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumps above a low gate .
A boy crawling through a cement pipeline
A boy in a tube
A young boy dressed in a black hoodie crawling through a large , white tube .
A young boy is crawling through a white tube .
Boy crawling through a cement tunnel .
A brown , black , and tan dog run in the ocean .
Three dogs run into the water .
Three dogs running through water .
Three dogs run through surf , near rocky outcrop .
Three dogs run through the water near the rocks and make splashes .
A man is posing in front of a brick wall that has framed pictures on it .
A man is standing in front of an interior brick wall with pictures along the top .
a middle aged man is standing next to a white wall underneath some catholic theme pictures .
A smiling man in a check shirt stands below a row of religious pictures .
Pictures on a white brick wall with a smiling man standing in front of the wall .
A baby sits on a tire and holds a toy .
A little kid , with a red toy , is sitting on a tire .
Boy in pajamas , with red and yellow toy , seated on tire near plants .
Child holding plastic car sits on a tire .
The child is sitting on the street playing with a red toy .
A blond boy slides down a sand dune on a skateboard with no wheels .
A blond child runs down a sand dune while another looks on .
A blonde girl surfing down a sandy hill
A woman is snowboarding down an incline while another woman stands behind .
a young person sliding down a sandy hill .
A child playing on the monkey bars at a playground with an adult present .
a girl hangs on the bars .
A kid hangs upside down on the monkey bars at a playground .
a young children hanging upside at the playground
girl hanging upside down on blue monkey bars
a football player wearing an orange jersey holding a football
A football player wearing an orange uniform smiling and holding the football .
A man in an orange jersey with the letter " 12 " on it plays football .
A University of Miami player holds a football .
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football .
A boy is whispering to a girl wearing a red and white hat and scarf .
One person is whispering to another .
The boy is whispering in the girls ear .
The child in the red and white hat is listening to the child with the brown hair and green jacket .
Two children standing very close .
A dog on two legs with its mouth opened toward a blue ball in the air .
A white dog catching a blue ball
A white dog jumps to catch a blue ball in a living room .
The dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball .
Two dogs in a family room are playing , one is catching a ball in its mouth .
A dog chases a deer into the woods .
A dog chases a deer on a field with yellow flowers .
A dog chasing a deer in a field of yellow flowers .
A dog chasing a deer in a field with yellow flowers .
The dog chases a deer near the woods .
A brown dog up to its neck in water
A dog is almost all the way in the water and takes a drink .
A dog , possibly a basset hound , stands nose-deep in pond water .
A large dog wades through shallow water .
The brown dog is taking a drink while wading in the water .
A little girl slides down a green slide with her arms up at a playground .
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground .
A young girl is sliding down a slide at a playground .
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground .
The girl is sliding down a green slide .
A blonde haired man is doing a demonstration in front of a small crowd of people .
A man demonstrates his product to an audience .
A man in a striped shirt is demonstrating a product .
A man is standing behind and desk and there is part of a red car hanging above his head .
a man shows off his exibit to many people .
A man sitting at an outside table , eating lunch , marking on a paper .
a single man sitting at a round table reading outside of a shop
Man reading a newspaper at an outdoors restaurant .
Man reading in a chair outside
The man is taking notes at the table .
A group of people sit at a table in front of a large building .
People are drinking and walking in front of a brick building .
People are enjoying drinks at a table outside a large brick building .
Two people are seated at a table with drinks
Two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building .
A blonde girl poses for a picture at Kerry Park in Seattle .
A girl in a blue jacket is sitting in front of the Seattle skyline .
A woman looking at view of a city .
Blonde lady looks at Space Needle
Blond woman overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .
A boy is leading donkeys on a path .
A man and two pack mules walk across a field in front of a mountain .
A man is walking in a field behind two donkeys .
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
A person in a blue jacket follows two donkeys along a mountain trail .
A man pulling a small child out of a ball pit
A man removes a boy from a ball pit while two other children and another man watch .
An adult is pulling a child out of a ball pit .
Children playing in a ball pit .
two men are watching three children playing in a ball pit full of colored balls .
A black and white dog is running up a path towards some potted plants .
A dog follows another dog around the corner but looks back .
A dog is turns back toward the camera near some potted plants .
A dog turning to look at the camera .
A white and black dog in a hallway filled with potted plants .
A biker races .
A guy on a bmx bike .
A man rides a bike through a course .
Stop action frame of a racer in a bicycle race .
The bike rider is wearing a silver helmet and red shirt .
The three dogs ran in the yard .
three dogs are running across the grass near to a blue industrial building .
Three dogs are running in a field .
Three dogs run away from a patch of non-grassy surface leaving one another dog behind .
Three dogs that are different shades of brown and white are running in a field .
A child , held by his mother , slides down a water slide .
A woman holding a young boy slide down a water slide into a pool .
A woman is holding up a child as they coming splashing down a slide into a pool .
A woman is sliding down a water slide with a little boy on her lap .
A woman slides down a purple water slide with a small boy on her lap into a pool .
A brown and white dog stands outside while it snows .
A dog is looking at something near the water .
A furry dog attempts to dry itself by shaking the water off its coat .
A white and brown dog shaking its self dry .
The large brown and white dog shakes off water .
A group of men wearing yellow shawls walk in a line .
Men walk in line carrying things .
People in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses .
three Buddhists walk on the street .
Three men in orange robes holding metal pots .
A boy in a black shirt punches a yellow punching bag while a boy in a blue sweatshirt holds the bag .
Many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching .
Some kids play outside on a nice day .
The boy in the black sweatshirt is hitting the yellow object held by the boy in the blue sweatshirt .
Two boys talk on a field near palm trees .
A couple are sitting on a rock in front of a street .
A man and a woman sit on a rock beside a street .
Two people sit on a large rock near a city street .
Two people sitting on a rock in a city park .
Two people talk while sitting on a big rock .
A beagle walks through the grass .
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
A brown and tan dog walks through the green grass .
a smal hound dog walking through the grass outside .
The dog is walking through a grassy area .
A young girl in jeans is standing on a tree limb posing for the camera .
A young girl posing for a photo while standing in a tree .
girl posing on tree
There is a young girl in jeans and a striped shirt standing on a tree branch .
The young girl is standing in a tree .
A brown dog is jumping over a fence and another dog is chasing it .
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence and another dog follows him .
A dog jumping off a fence and another dog on the grass in the background .
A dog jumping over a gate followed by another dog .
A small tan dog is jumping over a chain linked fence .
A man and a toddler look at advertisements .
A man and child in front of a billboard
A man in a black coat and hat and a child with a red snowsuit and Pooh backpacker read advertisements near a McDonalds .
A man stands on a street corner with a small child looking at a sign .
There is a man with a young child in a red outfit looking at advertisements .
A black and white dog plays in the water .
A black and white dog walking in shallow water
A dog splashes through the water .
A dog swims .
Black and white dog wearing a harness walking through water .
Two cute little girls enjoying corn on the cob .
Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb .
Two little girls sitting on the edge of a street eating corn on the cob .
Two young girls are sitting on the street eating corn .
Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
A person in a black wetsuit is surfing in the ocean with a wave coming down .
A person is surfing .
A surfer in all black is riding a wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
A woman in a black wetsuit surfs in bad weather .
A curly haired girl is dragging a grey inflatable raft with a red paddle into the water .
A girl in a yellow headscarf is pulling a boat to the water .
A woman pulls an inflatable boat into the water .
a woman pulls her raft into the water .
Someone is pulling an inflatable boat with an oar in it .
A blond dog runs down a flight of stairs to the backyard .
A dog jumps off the stairs .
A tan dog runs down a wooden staircase to the green grass .
A yellow dog is jumping across a grassy yard in front of a wooden deck .
A yellow dog jumping off of a porch .
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum .
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum .
Two little kids are beating on a bongo drum .
Two small children with blonde hair are playing a drum , one is smiling .
Two young children are playing with a drum .
A baby in pink , striped clothing is sitting near an older lady wearing red and black .
A baby sitting next to a very old woman .
A baby with a pink outfit on has a pacifier , and she is on a chair with another woman .
A woman in a red shirt is holding a black dog on a brown sofa with a little girl wearing a striped onsie with a pacifier in her mouth .
The baby sitting next to the black dog is sucking a pacifier .
A snowboarder flies in the air .
A snowboarder is performing a stunt in mostly dark .
Snowboarder in the air performing a stunt .
There is a snowboarder doing tricks in a half pipe .
The snowboarder gets serious air .
A black and white dog looks at a man about to throw something .
A dog waits for a man to throw a ball into the ocean .
A man playing with his dog on a beach
A man with a toy in his hand on a beach playing with his dog .
Man on rocky beach playing with black and white dog .
A black and white dog carrying a large stick
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth .
a dog holds a stick in its mouth .
A dog trots across the ground with a large stick in his mouth .
A baby is in a sandpit playing with a bucket .
A baby playing in the dirt with a bucket and shovel .
A blonde baby playing in the sand .
A toddler in a diaper is playing in a sandbox near a shovel and other sand toys .
The cute baby in a diaper and shirt plays in the dirt .
A man in a yellow jacket is riding a horse through the mountains .
A man rides a horse , while mountains and clouds are shown in the background .
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene .
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background .
Man sitting on brown horse with mountains in background .
A man leads the way on his bike while two others follow in the distance .
Several bicyclists are riding though a wooded area .
Three cyclists ride through cordoned pathway near woods .
Three men fight the forest terrain on their mountain bikes .
Three mountain bikers are in a race in the woods .
a man in a harness climbing a rock wall
A man with a white shirt and helmet is climbing a mountain .
A man in a white shirt and helmet is using climbing equipment .
a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall
Man rock climbing looking up the rock
A group of people in costume at a renaissance fair .
People in costume at a renaissance fair .
Two woman in colorful costumes look at a little girl wearing a brown vest .
two women and a child are sitting by a cart of arrows in front of a booth at a medieval Fayre .
Two women crouch near a small child at a medieval fair .
A girl is shaking the water out of her hair .
A girl swings her long , wet hair in a lake .
A girl whipping water from her hair in a lake
A woman in a river is shaking her hair causing a water to spray everywhere .
A woman splashes in the water .
A dark skinned man plays a blue guitar on the street .
A man playing his guitar on the street , surrounded by buildings and street lights .
A man plays a blue guitar on the an empty urban street .
a man walking the streets while playing the guitar .
The man plays his guitar on the local streets .
Two men dressed in white formal clothes and sunglasses pose , while one holds a drink .
Two men in white suits and glasses with a drink .
Two men in white suits cheer
Two men wearing white suits and sunglasses are at a party punching their hands into the air .
Two young men in sunglasses and white suits raise their arms and smile in a bar .
a muzzled white dog is running on the grass .
A white dog with a muzzle is running on the grass .
A white dog with a muzzle is running through an uncut field with a fence nearby .
A white dog with a muzzle trots on grass in front of trees .
White dog with a muzzle running in the grass .
A person has just thrown a snowball and hit someone in the back .
People outside a house in snow .
People stand outside a house .
Several people standing in front of a pile of snow in front of a house , with one person shoveling .
Some people are gathered by a mound of snow outside a house .
A person in black covering their face with their hands .
A woman covering her eyes in a park as the day comes to an end
A woman is covering her eyes with her hands .
Person in black jacket standing with hands over eyes with street lights on in the background .
The man with brown hair in the black sweater is covering his face with his hands .
A dog in a yellow jersey is running a race .
A dog participating in a race while wearing the number 6 .
A greyhound wearing a muzzle and the number six on a yellow jacket is running on a dog track .
A muzzled race dog running
A race dog is running for first
A family picture
A group of adults wear sweaters and have their hands in their pockets .
A group of five adults stand posing in front of buildings .
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house .
A group shot of four guys and one girl in front of a brick building .
A bobsled team runs through a snowy trail .
A pack of Huskies run across the snowy ground .
A sled and dogs mushing
The dogs run in the snow pulling a sled with a person .
The dog team is pulling the man on the sled .
A dog in some water enclosed by rocky ledge .
A white dog is standing in a pond .
A white dog is walking through a river that runs through a rocky landscape .
A white dog walks through shallow water in the wilderness .
The white dog is wading in the pond atop the mountain .
A guy riding something down steps .
A man skates down a long outdoor stairway .
A young man attempts to ride a unicycle down an outdoor stairway stained with moss .
the man is pedaling the tiny bike down the steps .
Two men walk down a stone stairway , one is riding a unicycle .
A lady is swinging and smiling .
A person swinging on a swing
kid swinging on a swing
Person on swing
This girl is having so much fun on the swing !
A group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets .
A naked man rides a bike .
Naked people riding bikes .
The man leading cyclist through the city streets is butt naked .
Three naked people ride bicycles in a city street while law enforcement and a crowd looks on .
A couple is photographed in front of a large outdoor fountain .
A couple pose in front of a fountain .
An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture
Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain .
The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain .
A blond woman in a blue shirt appears to wait for a ride .
A blond woman is on the street hailing a taxi .
A woman is signaling is to traffic , as seen from behind .
A woman with blonde hair wearing a blue tube top is waving on the side of the street .
The woman in the blue dress is holding out her arm at oncoming traffic .
A shirtless man with a brown and white dog looking at a woman in jeans and a bikini top who is relaxing on a bench .
A shirtless man with a dog next to him talking to a shirtless girl slouching on a bench .
A woman in a bikini top is on the bench and a man with no shirt is talking to her .
A woman is sitting on a bench while talking to a shirtless man .
A woman with a hat is sitting on a skateboard which is on top of a bench and speaking with a shirtless man .
A woman leaning over to help a child in a stroller with a man laying down on a park bench and another sitting on a bench .
a woman ties her little girls shoes in front of a bench with a man sleeping on it
People at park sitting on benches and a woman taking care of her child in the stroller .
The woman helps her child as the men sit and lay on the bench .
This family needs a rest after their long walk so they stop at the park to feed the pigeons .
A man jumps train cars with his bike .
A man on a bmx bike jumps over a train
A person is in the air while riding his bicycle on top of the train on a clear blue sky day .
A person is jumping over a train car while on their bicycle .
A person on a bicycle moving across the top of a train .
A man in blue rock climbing .
A man , wearing glasses , is rock climbing .
a middle aged woman climbs a mountain .
An adult wearing a harness climbs in a rocky area .
Person in blue shirt scales wall .
A child is holding a colorful object and overlooking a crowd of people while sitting on the shoulders of an older person .
A girl in a blue sweater sits on a person 's shoulders and carries a pinwheel .
A girls in a blue shirt holds a flower while sitting on a man 's shoulders .
A young oriential girl is standing above the crowd playing with a pinwheel
Girl in blue sweater and holding a multicolor toy sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair .
a lone skateboarder jumping a huge skateboarding ramp .
A man dressed all in black performs a trick on a rail while wearing inline skates .
An inline skater doing a jump on a ramp .
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp .
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp .
Children with painted red faces being sprayed with water , on grass .
The two children are being sprayed by water
Two children playing in a spray of water .
Two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose .
Two indian children are being squirted by a jet of water .
A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch .
A basketball player is jumping and about to dunk a ball in front of a crowd .
A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches .
A tattooed man dunks a basketball .
The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball .
A lady holds a little boy while another little boy smiles at them .
An older lady holds a toddler while another boy watches .
a white woman in a green sweater holds a smiling child whilst a smiling boy in a yellow shirt looks on .
A woman holds a baby while a boy sits next to her smiling .
A woman holds a baby while another child looks on .
A dog corners a little girl next to a police cruiser .
A girl playing with a dog near a police car .
A large white dog , a girl , and a police car in a driveway and an SUV in a garage .
A little girl is playing with a large , white poodle in the driveway next to a police car .
The girl is playing with her dog in her driveway .
a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
A man puts his motorcycle up on its rear wheel on a track .
A man riding a motorcycle is performing a trick at a track .
A man stands on his motorcycle while doing a wheelie .
The motorcycle is being ridden on a track whilst pulling a wheelie .
A man in a black cap and shirt smiling while holding a white grey and black rectangular object .
A man smiles and poses with a product he appears to be trying to sell .
A man wearing a black shirt and baseball cap smiling .
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling .
There is a man with a black shirt and a black hat smiling .
A big dog holds its paw out to keep another dog at bay .
A large dog wards off a smaller dog .
Large dog plays with two smaller dogs on grass .
The brown and white great Dane plays with two yellow dogs in the grass .
Two smaller dogs and one larger dog with a puffy white tail are playing in a field .
A girl smiles as she runs across the white sandy beach in her swimsuit .
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
A little girl in a flower swimsuit running across the beach with waves in the background .
There is a little girl running on the beach .
The young girl is running on a sandy beach .
A group of young men clowning around while enjoying a beverage .
Five men pose awkwardly on steps .
Five young men pose on the steps .
Four boys posing while one boy sets his drink down .
Group of young men posing and holding cans .
Children are playing soccer , while an adult looks on .
Children dressed in green and yellow soccer uniforms run after a soccer ball
Three children in neon colors play soccer while young man watches
Three children wearing soccer uniforms chase after a blue and grey soccer ball .
Three child soccer players go for the ball .
a boy is kissing a woman on the cheek next to a girl who is wide eyed and sticking out her tongue .
A mother and two children are posing with funny faces .
An adult with two kids , one child making a face and the other kissing the adult 's cheek .
Boy kissing woman and girl sticking out her tongue
Mother with two boys , one acting goofy and the other giving her a kiss .
A group of dogs look at each other while standing in the snow .
three dogs come face to face with each other in a snowy field .
Three dogs in the snow .
Three dogs meet in the snow .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
A brown number six race dog is slightly behind a black race dog on a track .
two dogs race across the track .
Two greyhounds race .
two muzzled greyhound dogs running around a track
Two muzzled racing dogs running along track .
a black and brown dog jumping over two white and purple stiped poles
A dog jumps over a hurdle in the grass .
A dog jumps over an obstacle .
Black and brown dog jumping over hurdle with white supports .
Dog performing during an outdoor dog show .
A man stands at the edge of the water near the rocks .
A shirtless man in a pink hat is standing on a rocky shore .
A shirtless man in a pink hat stands on a rocky shore .
A shirtless man with a backpack and a hat is standing on a rocky shoreline .
The man in shorts and a hat is standing in the bay beside the ocean .
A lady in an orange dress rides a ride at the fair .
A woman in an orange dress riding a carnival ride .
A woman sits alone at a carnival in a lift .
A woman wearing an orange dress makes a face while riding above the fair .
The woman is wearing an orange dress riding on the ferris wheel .
A black and tan dog is running with a white and gray dog along dirt .
The two dogs are running into the woods .
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest .
Two dogs running away from the camera in the woods .
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest .
A group of people in a boat , white water rafting .
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat .
Rafting boat on river .
seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river .
Seven rafters are paddling and riding the rapids in a green raft .
A woman dressed in black and pink has a large tattoo on her back .
A woman in pink pants and a black tank top displays the tattoo on her back .
a woman wearing a black tank top revealing a large fairy tattoo .
A woman with a tattoo on her back walks away from the camera .
The woman wearing pink pants has a tattoo of a butterfly on her back .
A motocross rider rides in the air over a bar .
A motorbike jumping a pole .
A person is jumping a motorcycle over a pole while camera men film .
A professional dirt biker doing stunts while being videotaped
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air .
A man in a red shirt standing next to a woman in a black shirt with a car in the background .
A man in a red shirt that says ' Espana ' and a girl with purple streaks in her hair are smiling .
A man with a red Spain shirt and a woman with purple streaks in her hair .
The man and lady pose for a picture .
The man is wearing a red shirt , while the woman standing with him has purple streaks in her hair .
A dog in the snow
A dog walks through the snow .
A golden dog looks alert as he stands in snow .
A yellow dog in the snow .
There is a medium sized tan colored dog out in the snow .
a boy jumping off a swing
A boy jumps off a swing on the swing set when its high enough .
A child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair .
A young boy leaps off a swing .
The boy wearing white is leaping from the swing .
A man is skiing down a mountain .
A person dressed in red and grey is skiing down a snowy slope .
a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste .
A skier skiing downhill in a cloud of snow .
A skier wearing white sunglasses is skiing down a snowy mountain very fast .
A brown dog jumping off a rock into a lake .
A brown dog leaps into water from a rock .
A dog is taking a dive into a body of water .
A dog leaps over the water from a rock .
The dog is leaping into the water .
A little girl is falling backwards onto a bed .
A young girl jumps on a bed .
The young girl is happily standing inside the house .
Two children play on the bed with a remote control .
Young blond girl in blue jeans falls back on bed while another child looks on .
A man racing an orange motorcycle .
A man riding an orange and white motorcycle .
A motorcyclist races around a track .
An orange and white motorcycle is being ridden on a racetrack .
Someone is driving an orange motorbike along pavement .
A group of football players running down the field .
The crowd is watching a football game .
The football players in red are attempting a play against those in purple , white , and gold .
The man in red has the football , and the team in white is nearby .
Three Oklahoma Sooners playing football against another team , one of the sooners with the ball in their possession .
A group of people are gathered on a white pillared porch for a photo .
A group of people are sitting in front of a red brick and white trim building .
A group of people are sitting on the porch of a brick building .
A group of people gather in front of a red house .
A group of ten people posing outside of a classic-style building
A girl with a black swimsuit plays in the sprinkler .
A young girl is playing in a fountain of water .
A young girl plays in fountain water .
Little girl crouches to splash fountain water .
There is a young girl in a bathing suit playing with water shooting out of the ground .
A closeup of a white dog that is laying its head on its paws .
a large white dog lying on the floor .
A white dog has its head on the ground .
A white dog is resting its head on a tiled floor with its eyes open .
A white dog rests its head on the patio bricks .
A barefoot and shirtless skateboarder rides along a road .
A man in shorts skateboards down the street .
A skateboarder in striped shorts skating down a street .
A teenager wearing striped shorts and no shirt is skateboarding down a road a long the ocean .
Shirtless , tattooed man rides skateboard down blurring street near beach .
A black dog and a brown dog in snow .
The small dogs play in the snow .
Two long-haired puppy dogs have a romp in the snow .
Two Pomeranian dogs playing in the snow .
Two small dogs playing in the snow together .
A race car blows smoke while it drives .
A race car drives on a track while several people watch from behind rope .
A race car screeches through a turn as spectators watch .
A sponsored race car is spinning its tires on a track while being watched by spectators .
Onlookers watch a white stock car that has smoke coming out of the back .
A man rock climbs up a very tall cliff , with a blue rope behind him .
A man wearing a red shirt is climbing up the rock wall .
A young man climbs a mountain , another follows below .
Man scales rock .
The climber in red is leading climbers up a long rock face .
A girl in a hooded jacket presents a cake with candles .
A girl in a hood jacket holds a birthday cake with many candles .
A girl in a winter coat with a birthday cake .
A girl is holding a birthday cake .
A young girl holding a cake with candles dressed in a heavy coat .
A boy in a blue bathing suit jumps with his arms in the air in a backyard setting .
A little boy is jumping into the kiddie pool in the backyard .
A little boy is leaping in the air onto a water slide .
A young boy plays outside on a sunny day on his slip and slide .
The boy in the swimming trunks is playing in the yard .
A boy on a bicycle rides with his little brother in a child 's seat , which is tipping .
A boy rides down the street with a younger boy behind him on the same bike .
Two boys with backpacks ride bikes through a puddle on the road .
Two people riding a bike are riding towards a stop sign .
two young children riding on a bike down a dirt road through a puddle .
A laughing woman leans on the legs of a sitting man while lying on a bed of pebbles .
A woman and a barefoot man lay down on rocky terrain .
Laying on stones , a girl with messy hair has her head on the boy laying next to her .
The two people are lying in gray rocks .
Young man and woman stretch out on stones , packages in foreground .
A big brown dog chases a smaller white dog around in the grass .
A terrier dog and a mixed breed dog playing .
A white dog and brown dog fighting .
The white and brown dog are playing in the dead grass .
Two dogs paying attention to each other .
Men wearing sunglasses with their backs turned to the camera .
The backs of two men wearing backpacks near some tents .
Two men in black bulletproof vests watch something taking place to the right of the picture .
Two men in black outfits have backpacks .
Two men in bullet proof vests watch over a crowd by some white tents .
A bike rider in green jersey races along a road .
A biker looks back at the camera for a photo .
A cyclist in a helmet and yellow jersey .
A man in a safety vest riding a bicycle on the highway .
A man in a yellow shirt riding a blue bicycle moving very fast .
Airplane emitting heavy red colored smoke .
An airplane is flying over the mountain trying to extinguish a fire .
A small plane is dropping a red chemical over the mountaintops .
Red spray is being ejected by an orange and white plane flying over the hilltops .
Small red airplane flies over mountaintop dropping red substance over fire .
The two greyhound dogs wearing sweaters are playing in the grass .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs wearing shirts play in the green grass .
Two dogs wearing sweaters play in a field .
Two dogs wearing sweaters play in the grass .
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air .
A man in a blue outfit is swinging a sword in the air .
An actor dressed as a pirate performs in an outdoor park .
A person wearing a blue robe is in the air , holding a sword .
Man in martial arts-style costume jumping in midair .
A boy does a flip on the beach .
A boy doing a flip in the air at the beach .
A man doing a back flip on the beach .
A person in midair doing a flip along the beach
A teenage boy is doing a back flip in midair on the beach .
The camera focuses on two people 's legs .
The legs and mid-sections of two people with skateboards .
Two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard
two male skaters walk on sidewalk
two people wearing white shirts and jeans each carrying a skateboard
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game .
two woman competing in a sporting event
Two women are playing a game with sticks and a small white ball .
Two women are reaching with sticks for a ball during a sports game .
Two women playing field hockey .
A man in a crowd wears a red hat and a red bandanna over his face .
A person with dreadlocks and a red hat with their face covered by a red bandanna
A woman wearing a hat and red scarf stands among others wearing similar clothes .
A woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna .
The lady is wearing a bandanna around her face to protect her from dust .
A group of men playing hockey .
A team of hockey players , with one player taking a shot .
Hockey players with one taking a shot .
Six hockey players of the same team are skating around waiting for the puck .
There is an ice hockey game in progress .
A man in fancy clothing plays a guitar on a stage .
A man playing a guitar under the lights with other people in the background .
A woman plays guitar by a round light .
Man playing guitar in a dark room .
The man played guitar in the band .
A brown dog looks up while a person 's fingers are in its mouth .
A dog bites someone 's finger .
A dog is chewing on someone 's finger .
A person has his or her hands in a dog 's mouth .
A person touches a dog 's tooth .
The three children are in a cage .
three children are locked in a cage .
Three children in a black dog kennel .
Three small children are in a cage .
three well dressed blond children in a cage .
A man in a red jacket stands near a yellow kayak .
a man in a red jacket stands next to a yellow kayak on rocks by the ocean .
A man pulls on his sweater as a kayak lays at his feet .
A man wearing a red jacket standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
A man wearing a red jacket stands on the shore of a lake with a yellow kayak .
A boy wearing sunglasses on his head looks at the camera .
A child with sunglasses and a shirt filled with dirt .
A young child with a dirty shirt is standing on a playground
Child in dirty white shirt and sunglasses standing in yard
Little boy who has played in the dirt standing near his swing set .
A couple in a parking lot .
A couple walks past a car in a parking lot .
A man and a woman are walking past a car with a fancy symbol on the front .
A man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament
A man and woman walking next to a red car with an unusual hood ornament .
A pale colored dog runs through a body of water .
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore .
The white dog runs through the ocean .
White medium sized dog is running through the ocean .
A boy and a girl playing on the beach .
A small boy and girls are playing in the sand on the beach .
Two children , one of which is holding a stick , are standing on the beach as the sun begins to set .
Two children on the beach silhouetted by the setting sun .
Two young children playing with sticks at the beach .
a blonde boy in a white and orange t-shirt is playing on a swing .
A boy in a surfing shirt is swinging on a swing .
A child is smiling while being on a swing .
A little boy swings at the playground .
Young child swinging on a swing .
A bearded man on a train
A man is sitting on a train resting his hand against his face .
A man sitting on a subway .
A man sitting on a subway looking at the camera .
A man sitting on public transportation .
A group of dogs stand in the snow .
Four dogs stand in the snow .
three black dogs and a white dog are standing in the snow .
Two black dogs , a black puppy , and a white dog in the snow .
Two large black dogs , one small black dog , and one large white dog are standing in some snow .
A brown dog wading into a marshy pond .
A dog on the edge of a body of water .
A dog walking into a lake with reeds in the background
A dog wearing a blue leash walks into a body of water .
A large brown dog leans into the water from the grassy shore .
The brown dogs are playing with a blue toy together .
The two light colored dogs are pulling on a blue object that is in their mouths .
Two beige dogs are playing in the grass near a doghouse .
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a blue object in front of a building .
Two light brown dogs are tugging at a blue toy in front of a blue shed .
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape .
A black dog is running gover rocky ground under a cloudy blue sky .
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain .
A black dog walks through a rocky , grassy landscape under a blue , cloudy sky .
A dog on rocky terrain
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall .
a person swimming in a pretty lake with a waterfall in the background
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall .
A person swims in a body of water with a waterfall .
A person swims in a pool by a waterfall .
A large dog sniffing a human hand while a small dog is sniffing the large dog 's butt .
A person reaches for a large grey dog while a black dog trails .
A smaller dog sniffs a larger dog in the hills .
the black dog is sniffing the brown dog 's butt .
The lady ask the dog to give her the ball on their beach walk .
A baby girl in an orange dress gets wet as she stands next to a water sprinkler .
A blonde toddler wearing an orange dress is wet and standing beside a sprinkler in a yard .
A child in a dress is looking at a sprinkler
A little girl in an orange dress is running through the sprinkler in the yard .
On wet grass , little blond girl in orange dress plays in sprinkler .
There is a man and a boy , both standing on one leg , with at least one arm sticking out .
Two men are posing oddly outdoors .
two men posing with their legs up with a train in the background
Two men put their arms and legs out to the side .
Two young men are both standing on one leg with their arms stretched out on the street .
A group of women walk down a street at night .
Three women out for the evening in a big city .
Two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street .
Two women walk down a city street at night .
Women are walking at night under neon lights .
A brown , black , and white dog runs along on the gravel .
A dog runs
A little dog running on sand .
The brown , white and black dog runs on a gravel surface .
The dog is running across the gravel .
A little girl and boy play in the sand on the beach .
A young boy and girl play together in the sand .
boy and girl make a sand castle
Two children build a sand castle on the beach .
two kids building a sand castle
Two men are standing beside a sign that says " Jesus or hell " .
Two men are standing in front of a protest sign resting on a red electric box .
Two men are talking on the street ; one is pointing at a sign that says " Jesus or Hell " beneath a red box , and the other is standing there listening .
Two men discuss a sign that says " Jesus or Hell " .
Two men talking by a red box and a poster
A barefoot red-headed girl jumping over a rail .
a girl jumps on the trampoline .
A young girl jumping over a railing or a ladder on its side .
The small red haired girl jumps on the trampoline under the tree by the shed .
The young child with red hair bounced on the trampoline .
A boy is upside down in midair near a lake at sunset .
A person does a flip by two sailboats and a lake .
A person flipping upside down
a person in midair doing a back flip .
A person is doing a flip in midair near a lake with sails behind him .
A male and female on a one seat bike ride along a tree lined road
A man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him .
A young girl is standing on the back of a man 's bicycle while the man peddles forward .
Man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck .
One kid is towing another on his bike
A group of dogs racing .
A number eight racing dog is beating a number four racing dog slightly in a race .
Several dogs wearing muzzles are racing on a track .
There are three dogs wearing numbered jerseys running a race .
Three race dogs run to finish a race .
A child plays on playground equipment .
A girl is hanging on a metal bar in a park .
A happy child dangling from playground equipment smiles at the camera .
A little girl in a sweatshirt jacket holding on to a bar .
Child in grey sweatshirt hanging from metal bar
A brown and white pitbull , with a black collar , is about to leap over a branch
A brown dog climbs over a fallen branch in a wooded area .
A brown dog hops over a fallen tree branch .
A brown dog is jumping over a tree limb in a wooded area .
Brown dog with white mark in chest and black collar going over a limb on ground .
A man in a tropical enviorment holding a camera to his face .
A man in blue takes a photo of the person taking a photo of him .
A man taking a picture with a silver camera .
Man in a blue shirt with a camera .
The man is outdoors , holding a camera .
A dog catches a ball in its mouth .
A dog leaps up to catch a blue and tan ball .
A dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth .
A dog with its mouth open is about to catch a ball in a living room .
A white dog with black spots is catching a baseball with its mouth .
A group of people on a walkway .
A group of people on a zig zagging path through the mountains
People are standing around a scenic lookout on a sunny day .
People stand at the bottom of a meandering walkway that goes uphill .
tourists are standing a mountain viewpoint beneath a clear blue sky .
A dirty tan dog rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera .
A dog lies on the ground .
A dog rolls on the ground .
Dog with black collar rolling in dirt and dried leaves
The brown dog is rolling around in the dirt .
a girl in a red shirt looks at her mom in a crowd of people sitting in white plastic chairs
A group of people are facing away from the camera .
A group of people with their backs to the camera and a little girl facing a lady .
A little girl looking into a females face in the midst of a crowd .
A young girl wearing red faces the opposite direction from the rest of a seated audience .
A boy tries to throw water on another person with his water bottle .
A boy wearing a red shirt is splashing water on a woman 's legs .
A boy with a bottle plays with an older girl .
A young boy splashing an older person with a bottle of water
The laughing boy holds a water bottle while a lady with wet pants walks nearby .
A dog carrying a stick while walking in water
A dog with a stick in his mouth walking through water .
A large brown dog with a stick in his mouth coming out of water .
A wet dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
Dog retrieving stick in water
A black dog is slowly crossing a fallen log that is outstretched over a stream of water .
A dog crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree .
A dog walks on a log across a small river .
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water .
The dog walks across the stream on a fallen log .
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek .
A black and white dog is splashing around in the water .
A black and white dog is splashing in a stream .
A dog playing in some water .
A white dog is splashing in an outdoor stream next to a grassy bank .
A group of 5 people making different expressions .
five teenagers cheering in a living room
The room full of youths reacts emotionally as they spectate .
Three boy teenagers and two female teenagers are making excited facial expressions .
Three guys and two girls are watching something and getting excited .
A man fly fishes in a large river .
A man stands on the edge of the water and holds a fishing pole .
A man with a tan hat and jacket is fishing in green waters .
one lone fisherman with his line cast out into the river .
The man is fishing at the water 's edge .
A dog on a green hillside .
A dog standing on the side of a mountain .
A dog stands on the side of a grassy cliff .
A fluffy white dog looks down a steep , grassy embankment .
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside .
A woman in a yellow and black outfit is skiing .
A woman skier in yellow and black races down the slope in front of the snow-covered trees .
A woman skiing down a slope .
A woman snow skiing in a yellow jacket and black pants .
The woman in the yellow jacket is riding on snow skates .
Children participate in a sport involving swine among spectators .
Children playing with a pig
People are gathered around watching children with a pig .
Several children pet a pig while a crowd watches .
the young children are petting a piglet
A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day .
A brown dog walks in the grass with its tongue hanging out .
A dog running with tongue hanging out .
A grey dog walks in the green grass , tongue hanging out .
a tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out
A boy in a bathing suit stands in water .
A little boy stands in a creek on a sunny day .
a toddler wearing colorful shorts is standing in the water .
A wet child standing in water .
Little boy knee-deep in water .
A lady stands in the middle of a crowd wearing white gloves .
A woman tilts her face upward and lifts her white gloved hand
A woman wearing a white glove peers over the crowd .
A woman with a white glove and several others .
A woman with brown hair wearing white gloves .
A bike rider is doing a stunt on a bicycle over a forest .
A man doing a bicycle trick .
A man is attempting a stunt with a bicycle .
a man is performing an aerial jump on a bicycle in front of a mountain covered with pine trees .
A person is holding onto a bicycle in the air with his body in flight position .
A few younger boys play around a fountain .
A group of people gather around a large fountain .
Three boys play around a fountain in an office building courtyard .
Three kids are playing at a fountain in front of a building .
three kids playing around a fountain
A crowd of boys riding a vehicle .
A large group of people wearing similar clothing riding a single vehicle .
almost 2 dozen people are riding on the outside of a cart down a road
A vehicle crowded with people .
Many young men with backpacks are clinging to and riding on a vehicle .
a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .
Two girls pet a small kangaroo in a grassy field .
Two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo .
Two women pet a baby kangaroo in the park .
Two women pet a kangaroo in a park .
A naked woman covered in mud in front of a crowd
A naked woman covered in paint
A topless woman is covered in mud .
Naked woman covered in mud in crowd
Topless woman smeared with brown substance , blurry crowd in background .
Two dogs are running around on dead grass and sand with green grass in the background .
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand .
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach .
Two dogs run toward each other .
Two dogs run towards each other on a marshy area .
A dark-skinned man in a green shirt with a green scarf looking at an electronic device .
A man in a green shirt and sweater looks at his cellphone .
A man wearing a green shirt looks down at a cellphone .
A teenager standing in a crowd of people texting on his phone .
Man with green shirt looks at phone .
An older man with white hair a blue jacket and a bright red hat .
An old man wearing a red hat and black raincoat .
An old man with white hair in a red hat
A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance .
A person with gray hair wears a red hat and watches it snow .
A couple in an embrace looking at each other .
A man and woman are dancing nearby others who are doing the same .
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing .
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black .
The red haired woman in the black dress has her arms around a man in white .
A woman in a skirt walks down a path .
a woman walks on boards .
A woman with a scarf on her head walks down a wooden boardwalk .
Several people in a park walking on a low wooden boardwalk .
The woman wearing the brown skirt is carrying a black bag along a wooden walkway .
A man holds a flag next to a snowbound campsite .
A man with a Texas flag stands in the snow by tents .
A person setting up a tent beside a few other tents on the snowy ground .
Mountain climbers are setting up their tents .
With a pack and ski pole on the ground , a man wearing a winter coat is holding a tent while other tents are already set up .
A group of 6 boys are wearing yellow life vests and are on a make-shift raft .
A group of people on a boat .
Boys in life jackets on a watercraft .
Several young people in life jackets are sitting on something floating in water .
The boys in life jackets smile and laugh while riding in a boat .
A girl in a field with a yellow scarf .
a girl in along grass field is spinning some yellow material around her .
A woman in a field enjoys her clothing being blown by the wind .
A young woman in a sunny meadow watches her yellow scarf blow in the wind .
Woman in a field of tall grass and wildflowers holding up a yellow scarf
a lone surfboarder jumping a wave on a white surfboard .
A man flies into the air with his surfboard .
A person in a wetsuit is in midair while surfing .
A surfer is in the air above the ocean .
A surfer performs a trick .
A man dressed in black is surfing on a large blue wave .
A man rides a surfboard through rough white and blue water .
A surfer catches a nice wave in the ocean and tries to pull himself up .
A surfer is riding a wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
A group of six children sit at a wooden table .
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table .
Six children , all with black hair , sit at a table for a picture .
Six children at a table .
Six small children sitting at a desk .
a closeup photo of a small dog with a holey ball in his mouth .
A dog carrying a white ball .
A dog fetches a ball in a field .
A dog trots with a ball in its mouth .
The dog is carrying a whiffle ball outside
A man and a woman sitting on a bench
An older couple is resting on a bench .
An older man and woman sitting on a cement bench with frowns on their faces .
An older woman and an old man sitting down looking unhappy .
An overweight woman and man have upset faces as they sit on a bench .
A man in a leather jacket and striped shirt points at something off camera .
A man in sunglasses , a red striped sweater , and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger .
A man with dark glasses , a black jacket , and a white and red horizontally-striped shirt pointing at something while standing on a sidewalk .
A man with shaggy hair and a moustache pointing down a street .
The man with the red and grey shirt and glasses is pointing .
A dirt biker rides through some trees .
A man is riding a mountain bike through woodland .
A mountain biker is racing through a shaded trail .
A mountain biker wearing a colorful helmet rides downhill .
Mountain biker in red striped helmet rides through the trees .
The taller man is trying to block the shorter man .
Two boxers fiercely attacking each other .
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting .
Two men wearing white boxing gloves are in a ring .
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink .
The two girls are playing on a yellow and red jungle gym .
Two girls play at a park .
Two little girls , both dressed in pink , play on the jungle gym .
Two little girls in pink are in a playground .
two young girls wearing pink playing on a playground
A child in a black cap sleeping across two chairs .
A small boy in a hat asleep on a padded bench .
A small child sucks his thumb while sleeping with a pink blanket on a multi-colored seat .
A young boy wearing a dark blue hat sleeps on a bench at a terminal .
Small boy sleeping on seats and sucking his thumb .
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool .
A young boy wearing blue shorts is splashing is a blue kiddie pool .
Child in blue trunks splashing in blue kiddie pool
Child in kiddie pool splashes water , sticks out tongue .
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool .
A man in a red baseball cap eats a chip .
a man wearing a red hat has a potato chip in his mouth
A man wearing sunglasses and a red cap putting a chip in his mouth .
A man wearing sunglasses and a red hat is opening his mouth wide and eating a chip .
A man with sunglasses on puts a chip in his mouth .
A hiker makes his way downhill .
A man carying sticks descends a rocky hill .
A man is hiking on a mountaintop on a cloudy day .
Hiker walking along high rocks in front of a blue sky with puffy white clouds .
The man in a blue sweater is climbing down the rocks
A child in a white shirt and brown pants is walking through an uncut field .
A child wearing a white shirt is walking through the green grass .
A small boy with braids runs through a field of tall green grass .
A young child runs through a large field of grass .
The child is walking through tall grass on a sunny day .
Three men are setting up a sledge on a snowy plain .
Three men loading items on a sled .
Three people and a sled .
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat .
Three people in the snow put their gear in order .
A dark-haired young woman , number 528 , wearing red and white , is preparing to throw a shot put .
A girl is curling in a competition .
Athletic woman in red and white uniform throwing shot put .
A woman is about to race around a track .
Shotput athlete getting ready to throw .
A boy hiding behind a tree
A boy in a striped t-shirt is standing by a tree in front of the picnic tables .
A little boy in a striped shirt is standing behind a tree .
A young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table .
Two boys in a park , one standing near a tree and one sitting at a picnic table with the playground behind them .
A closeup of an older man with glasses speaking .
A man wearing a blue shirt and glasses .
A man with black-rimmed glasses and a mustache is talking .
A man with glasses and a mustache is in the middle of a sentence .
An older man with glasses is looking off camera .
a lone parasurfer surfing a huge wave in the ocean .
A man parasurfs in the ocean
A person in a green jacket it surfing while holding on to a line .
A person in green surfing a wave .
A person on a surfboard in the waves , holding onto a tether .
A basketball game
a group of athletes playing a basketball game
A group of basketball players jump in the air for the ball .
Basketball players participate in a game .
Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal .
A donkey pulling a cart with a boy in it takes a brake .
A donkey pulling a car with a man on it
A mule is carring a man in a cart next to some palm trees .
A mule pulling a carriage with a man inside along a dirt path .
A person is pulled in a cart by a donkey .
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river .
A dog is walking through some gravel beside a river .
A dog with a snub nose smells for somthing on a riverbank .
A large brown dog is walking along side a river .
a large tan bulldog walking along the rocky shore of a small stream .
A family poses seated on concrete steps .
A family sits for a picture on a staircase outside .
A group of people are sitting on the steps outside .
A group of people sit on the cement steps in the woods and smile .
These five people are seated on steps outdoors .
A girl and guy dressed up in costumes
A man dressed as " Teen Wolf " hugs a woman made up like a vampire .
A man in a werewolf mask is with a woman wearing elf ears .
The man wearing the mask and sunglasses has his arm around the woman who is wearing fake pointed ears .
Two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera .
Two men sitting on the bank of a lake with an ice chest .
Two people having a picnic by a lake .
Two people having a picnic by the shore .
Two people sitting on grass in front of a lake looking at the sky .
Two people with hats looking at a lake while sitting on a yellow-grassed hill .
A dog hops in a field while another dog stands next to it .
One dog is jumping up at another dog in a grassy field .
The two tan colored dogs are in a field , and one is jumping in the air .
Two brown dogs in a field .
Two brown dogs play with one another in the field .
A brown and white dog is standing on a beach with a tennis ball beside it .
A dog is on the beach near a ball .
a dog on the beach .
The brown dog is standing next to a ball on the beach .
The dog stands in the sand near the ocean .
A girl doing a kick near a woman .
A girl in black high kicks over a jack-o-lantern .
A girl in jeans tries to show an adult how high she can kick .
A girl kicking her leg up to the shoulder of a woman standing next to her .
A woman kicks at a man .
A boy plays a game with wooden blocks .
A child playing with building blocks on a wooden table .
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks .
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks .
Boy in blue shirt looking at someone 's hand near stack of blocks on table .
A basketball player in a red uniform is holding the ball while a player in a white uniform is trying to block him .
A basketball player with a ball and defenders .
A man in a red uniform is playing backset ball with a man in a white uniform blocking his shot .
The rival teams are playing basketball .
two basketball teams playing a game on the court .
A boy in a yellow uniform carrying a football is blocking another boy in a blue uniform .
A football player in a yellow jersey is pushing away another player .
The young football player is trying to avoid being tackled .
Two boys playing football on opposing teams .
Two young football players wearing blue and yellow uniforms fight for the ball .
A beige dog with orange vest running on withering grass .
A dog wearing an orange vest scampers playfully across the grass .
A golden retriever running on short grass wearing an orange outfit .
A light-colored dog wearing orange plays in the grass .
The white dog is wearing orange clothing and running through the grass .
A black and brown dog stands on a roof .
A black dog at the top of a red incline .
A dog has his paw on the red roof of a kennel .
A dog jumps over the top of an obstacle .
A dog leaps onto the red roof of the doghouse .
a black and white dog playing in the snow together
A black poodle jumping on the head of a white poodle while walking in the snow .
Black dog jumping over a white dog in a snowy path .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two poodles are running through the snow .
A snowboarder is jumping in the air next to the ski lift .
a snowboarder jumping in the air with a person riding a ski lift in the background
One person is on a ski lift while another snowboards .
People on a ski lift .
snowboarders sit on a chairlift .
A cowboy gets kicked off a horse that is bucking
A cowboy is thrown from the horse he was riding , while the judge stands by with his hand on a yellow flag .
A man at a rodeo is thrown off a horse .
The horse is kicking up its hind legs at the cowboy whist another man stands ad watches .
Two men in western attire with a brown horse kicking into the air .
A person is holding a camera while a skier does a trick .
A skier doing a trick by a snow mound while a man films it with a camera .
a skier is being filmed by a man with video camera on a jib .
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump .
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera .
a man climbs a rock .
A man in green climbs a rock in a darkened forest .
A man scales a rock in the forest .
man climbing a rock
The man in the blue shirt climbs a large rock in a wooded area .
A costumes woman applies makeup while looking in a mirror .
A showgirl , holding lipstick in her hand , and wearing a feather headdress , looks in a mirror .
A showgirl puts on her lipstick in the mirror .
A woman in a fancy costume is fixer her makeup in front of a mirror .
Costumed woman applying lipstick .
A man surfing a wave .
A surfer in a wetsuite jumps waves .
a surfer is riding his board over a wave .
A surfer on a white board catches a wave .
The man turns with the wave on his surfboard .
Boys kicking soccer ball in the grass under a tree
Two boys are kicking a ball to each other in the park .
Two boys have made a goal out of two jackets in order to play soccer .
Two boys kick around a ball in a meadow .
Two kids play soccer in a field .
A baby chews on plants .
a baby has some grass seeds in his mouth .
a baby sticking wheat grass into his mouth
A baby wearing green holds onto plants and puts them in its mouth .
Small child in green sweater with plant in mouth .
A girl in a black jacket and hat is covered in a pink blanket
A woman derssed in a black sweater , gloves , hat , and a scarf sits on the beach near a boulder .
A woman in a black cap and outfit sits in the sand .
A woman wearing a black hat sits on the sand with a rock behind her .
The girl sitting by a rock is wearing a black coat , black hat , black gloves but is covered by a pink blanket .
a group of skiers going up a mountain
Four cross-country skiers climb uphill .
Four people climbing a hill in the snow .
Four skiers walking up a snow covered hill .
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain .
A child is on a slide .
A child is sliding down a spiral slide on a playground .
A girl goes down a blue and yellow slide at a park .
A little girl is sliding down a slide at a park .
A small girl slides down a spiral slide at the playground .
a man looks through his binoculars while another man holds a drink .
A man with a thermos is standing next to a man who is gazing through binoculars .
Two men are standing together while one looks through binoculars .
Two men look out as one is holding binoculars .
two people standing next to each other with mountains in the distance .
A girl bends down to paint something underneath her .
A girl is holding a paint brush in a plastic cup and painting the ground .
a girl paints the road .
A little girl painting the sidwalk white .
A little girl paints the ground white outside .
a man holding a digital camera standing outside of a huge building .
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera .
A man in a blue t-shirt holds a camera ,
a man wearing blue holds a camera .
The man in a blue shirt is holding a camera near to a boy wearing a backpack .
A girl swings on a vine over water .
A girl tries holding onto a vine so she so n't fall into the water .
a girl wearfing pink swings over a creek .
The girl is swinging on a rope over a small pond .
Woman swinging above water while holding a vine .
Children participate in a sport on a green field while in uniforms .
The young soccer player enjoys the game .
Two girls in soccer strips are playing on a sports field .
Two girls play on a fenced in field .
Two girls wearing black and white uniforms run down a grassy field .
A snowboarder in bright green performing a jump at a competition .
A snowboarder in midair , after jumping a ramp .
A snowboarder jumps high in the air over a snowy hill .
A snowboarder launches off a ramp .
Snowboarder sails in the air .
A girl in a bikini wears a sign saying " free hugs " .
A girl in a blue bikini is wearing a cardboard sign around her neck .
A girl wearing a swimsuit top wears a sign to give free hugs .
a girl wears a sign that says " free hugs " .
Woman in blue bikini wearing a " free hugs " sign .
A brown dog holding a huge stick in its mouth running in the snow .
A brown dog holding a really big stick .
A dog in the snow carrying a tree limb in its mouth .
Brown dog runs through snow with a snow covered branch in its mouth .
The brown dog running in the snow is carrying a large stick , also covered with snow .
Two ladies walking on the sidewalk talking to each other .
Two women are bundled up walking through town .
Two women crossing the street on a cold day
Two women walking down the street .
Two women walking near some trees in warm , dark-colored garments , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .
A little baby climbing up the ladder after someone .
A little girl is climbing a ladder .
A person on a ladder with a baby underneath .
A person stands at the top of a ladder as a young girl begins to climb .
A person stands on a ladder and a small child climbs at the bottom of the ladder .
A brown and white greyhound wearing a red number five is caught in midair racing .
A greyhound with the number 5 on it is running along a dirt racing track .
A muzzled animal jumps over a metal bar and splashes through the mud .
a muzzled greyhound wearing the number five is running on a dog track .
Dog with muzzle and sweater marked 5 runs on dirt track .
A boat with two fishermen sits peacefully on the lake .
A silhouette of two men in a boat on a misty lake
Two men in a fishing boat on a river enjoy a pleasant morning .
Two people are in a canoe on a river in misty conditions .
Two people drift in a small boat on a foggy lake with trees in the background .
A group of basketball players wearing yellow and green reach for a ball .
Basketball players shoot for a goal during a game .
Four men jumping in a basketball game
In this picture all men from both basketball teams with red and green jerseys are jumping .
The man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot .
A brown dog is sitting on a cobbled pavement .
A brown god relaxes on a brick sidewalk .
A dog lies down on a cobblestone street .
A yellow dog is lying near where people are walking .
The dog is lying on the cobblestone street .
A man in a pink shirt climbs a rock face
A man is rock climbing high in the air .
A person in a red shirt climbing up a rock face covered in assist handles .
A rock climber in a red shirt .
A rock climber practices on a rock climbing wall .
A girl with pink streaked hair and fur uggs looks back while the girl walking next to her looks at her .
Two girls facing each other one has a skull face bag wearing a red and black shirt , the other is wearing a beaded belt .
Two girls walking down the street .
Two girls wearing goth trendy clothing while one looks back at the camera .
Two young girls wearing goth clothes .
A little boy holds a bat waiting for the pitch on a tiled outdoor area wearing a red shirt , white shorts , and blue flip flops that are too big for him .
A little boy playing baseball outside wearing flip flops .
A little boy preparing to hit a baseball
a small boy wearing a red shirt swinging a baseball bat
A young boy gets ready to swing his baseball bat .
a dog jumps over a bar with a ball in its mouth .
A fluffy white and brown dog is jumping over an obstacle and holding a tennis ball in its mouth .
Brown and white dog jumping over a low rail with a tennis ball in his mouth .
The dog is jumping with a ball in his mouth .
The small yellow and white dog jumps over an obstacle with a tennis ball .
Two boys are running in a metal barrel .
Two boys are running in a spinning tube .
Two boys are walking inside a human-size exercise-wheel .
Two boys running in a giant metal wheel .
Two boys walking to make a cylinder roll at a small carnival .
two black dogs each with running on the beach with balls in their mouths .
Two black dogs run in the sand by a pier .
Two black dogs run through sand .
two dogs run across the sand near a boardwalk .
Two wet , black dogs are running through some sand .
A group of men in period clothing are standing in front of a hut .
A group of people dressed as pirates .
The people are in older looking attire .
The people in white and maroon clothes are in a wooden building .
The seven men are gathered .
A child riding a scooter indoors .
A girl plays on a red scooter .
Little girl playing on a scooter in her house .
The girl is on a red scooter
The little girl is riding her red scooter .
A girl jumping over a jump rope .
A girl wearing pink shoes jumps over a rope and smiles .
A girl wearing shorts plays jump rope .
A little girl is jumping over a yellow rope .
A small girl with brown hair and a big smile is jumping rope .
One girl wearing pajamas stands near to a girl who is holding a flyer .
Two girls are dancing and one has paper in her hand .
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing .
Two girls in pajamas indoors .
Two teenage girls dance in pajama bottoms , one holding a paper .
a bearded man in a white shirt and black shorts is hiking on a woodland path .
A man in a white shirt is standing on a trail in the woods .
A man wearing a water pack and shorts on an outdoor trail .
A short stubby man with a backpack is standing in a forest
This man , wearing a white t-shirt and black shorts , is standing on a path in the forest .
A few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls .
Four people in a dimmly lit room with pictures all over the walls and two bright lights are engaging in conversations .
People gathered in an artist 's studio .
Several people are sitting inside a dark art gallery .
Some people are mingling in a room that has photographs all over the walls .
A gondola is steered through the canals with other boats around .
A man is steering a gondola with people in it down a river with buildings all around .
a man rowing a ganilla down a watery path
Man in a gondola in a canal .
The gondola is poling his boat in the canal .
A man wearing goggles snowboards on a half pipe .
A person on a yellow snowboard does some tricks in the snow .
Person snowboarding at a ski slope .
The snowboarder in the blue pants is performing a trick .
The snowboarder is wearing a dark top , blue pants and a helmet with goggles .
A little girl on a kid swing .
A little girl shouts for joy as she swings on the swing .
A toddler girl in a swing is laughing .
A toddler in a pink shirt in a bucket swing .
A young girl making a wide mouthed expression while swinging .
A man drives an ATV down a dirt road with a power line behind him .
a man is driving a red ATV up a rugged hill .
A man wearing a white hat is on a red ATV driving on the dirt .
Man riding four-wheel , off-road vehicle in rural area .
The man rides his quad through a rural area followed by his dog .
The two white dogs are playing in a field .
Two little dogs run in the field .
Two white dogs running
Two white dogs running in the grass together .
Two white dogs run through the grass .
A boy is diving through the air into a swimming pool .
A boy jumps into a pool on a bright sunny day .
a boy jumps into the blue pool water .
A smiling child dives into a pool .
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly .
A beagle is playing with a tennis ball .
A puppy dog is playing with a tennis ball .
A puppy is playing with a tennis ball on a well-kept path lined with groomed bushes .
A puppy plays with a tennis ball on a stone path .
A white-footed beagle plays with a tennis ball on a garden path .
A couple kiss outdoors , while another couple watch .
A man and a woman are outside kissing with a woman wearing a red scarf in the background .
The woman on the right is wearing a red scarf .
Two people in complete love are kissing in the most beautiful embrace .
Two people kissing .
A blonde child is being bitten on the nose by a little orange kitten .
A cat bites a human 's nose .
An orange striped kitten is biting a girl on the nose .
A orange kitten biting the nose of a child .
Orange striped kitten biting blonde girl on the nose
A man in a black fedora smiles at the camera .
A man in a hat posing for a picture .
An older man in a weathered fedora smiles slightly for the camera .
An old man with blue eyes wears a big black hat .
The man is wearing a black hat , a beige shirt and has his sunglasses hanging off the shirt .
A crowd of people in winter-gear is standing in front of a large royal structure .
A group of people gather in front of a historic building
Many bundled up people are standing in a public square .
There is a group of people in winter coats are gather in front of a large building .
Tourists are gathering in front of a historic building in winter .
A group of players on a team are posing together .
a soccer team poses for a picture .
A soccer team wearing red posing together .
A sports team poses on the field .
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background .
A man on a motorcycle riding on his back tire .
A man on a yellow sport bike does a wheelie as his friend on a black bike catches up .
A yellow motorcyclist is popping a wheelie .
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel .
Two motorcyclists on a blurry road , one rider doing a wheelie .
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water .
Five people look out toward the ocean .
Five people standing in front of a body of water .
Three men and two women stand facing the ocean from the shore on a sunny day .
Two ladies and three men looking at the ocean .
A man in a white coat jumps a snowboard .
A person on a green board is snowboarding in midair .
a snowboarder
Someone on a Nitro snowboard in midair and another person on the ground behind them .
Two snowboarders in a snowy scene .
A man in a uniform costume stands next to a man in a horro costume .
Man in a police costume next to a man in a zombie costume .
people are at a costume party .
People at a costume party .
The bloodied man is a hit at the haloween party .
A firetruck stops and makes a call at a bridge , where a man and his dogs are running .
A firetruck with ladder extended on the side of the road .
A jogger with a dog approaches a ladder truck .
A jogger with a dog running towards a firetruck with extended ladder on a road
A man walks on a sidewalk and a firetruck is nearby .
A boy rides on a tire swing .
A boy swinging on a tire-swing .
A small boy in a horizontal tire swing .
Young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing .
Young boy swinging on a tire swing .
Children , one with a stick , and six petting a dog with a blue leash .
A group of children are petting a white dog on the grass .
A group of children gather around a white dog on the grass outside .
a group of children playing with a dog
Group of children surround and pet white dog with blue collar on grass .
A child is happily playing on the slide .
A child is holding on to the top of a playground slide .
A child is preparing to slide down a piece of playground equipment .
A toddler all bundled up getting ready to go down a slide .
Child getting ready to go down a slide .
A person in an orange shirt reaching up .
A person wearing an orange shirt has her hand in the air as others watch .
A woman in a park stands with her arm up in the air .
a woman in orange throws her hand in the air .
The woman in the orange shirt has her hand raised .
A black dog leaps for a ball held by a man .
A man is playing with a black and white dog .
A man wearing glasses and his black and white dog wearing a black collar are playing with a tennis ball .
Man holding a ball while a dog jumps up for it
Man with dog who is jumping to catch tennis ball .
A BMX biker performing a wall-ride on a ramp .
a bmx rider rides the ramp .
A man is doing tricks with a bicycle at a skate park .
A young man does tricks with his bike on a course .
Man on bicycle is doing tricks in an old building .
A boy plays with a car .
Boy playing with a truck .
The baby in suspenders sits by a toy .
The little boy with the big brown eyes is touching the little car .
The toddler in suspenders plays with a truck .
A man talking on a cellphone is holding a blue banner .
A man talks on a cellphone while holding an Obama campaign sign .
The man in glasses carrying an Obama poster is talking on a cellphone .
The Obama supporter wears a black jacket and brown hat .
Yong man with cellphone and goatee holding Obama sign
A group of young boys playing soccer .
A little boy in green is kicking a soccer ball and 6 boys in referee shirts are following him .
A young boy kicks a soccer ball while six others play but are dressed as referee .
Little boys play soccer on the field .
Small children kick a soccer ball on a soccer field .
Two boys wearing brown shirts tug at a rope on a wooden platform .
Two boys with red hair and glasses stand on a table and fight .
Two redheaded boys in brown shirts stand on a table and are fighting with sticks .
Two redheaded boys with glasses stand on bench , play swordfight with sticks .
Two twin pre-teen boys dueling with sticks
A grown man and a topless girl are dancing .
A shirtless child dances with an adult man .
A shirtless child plays with an adult indoors .
Man and child dancing .
The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long haired child in front of a painting .
A masked man helps burn a flag .
I man with a covered face burning an israei flag in front of a crowd .
Men burn an Israeli flag .
Some middle eastern people have set an Israeli flag on fire .
The man is wearing a red shirt and red flannel handkerchief while watching a flag burn .
A girl in boots is active in the grass .
A girl is playing in the mud near a car .
A young girl in front of a silver car wearing boots , demonstrates some interesting moves .
Little girl moving quickly on grass beside silver car .
The little girl is spinning around making her hair fly in front of the silver car .
A child plays outdoors , near a group of people who are mostly seated .
A little blond boy is running around in the grass behind a row of benches
A little boy is running towards a group of people .
A little boy runs around while others look at a stage .
A small child wearing blue smiles as he stands behind a group of people .
A man and child stand at the bottom of an outdoor staircase near benches .
A man and young boy are standing , looking at each other , in an outdoor garden area .
A man in an ampitheater talking to a boy .
A man talks to a boy in a vacant area .
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the outdoor stairs .
A large man sits in a military accessories store .
A man in glasses is sitting behind a table laden with military memorabilia .
A man is sitting at a table full of military items and clothing .
A man sits at a table crowded with military merchandise .
Veteran shows off different things from a war .
A Japanese woman in a colorful outfit is walking with a man dressed in black past a wooden building .
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera .
Two people stop on an empty city street .
Two women dressed in traditional Japanese clothing
Two women in Japanese dress walk down the street .
Men stand on horses .
One man in blue tunic and one man in yellow tunic standing on the backs of three horses .
two guy standing on horses , while a crowd watches
Two men riding three horses wave their arms in the air .
Two people are standing on three horses as part of a parade .
A dog is fetching a stick from a lake .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
Dog carries stick in mouth while in water .
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
A blond boy in a blue tee shirts stands smiling before a craft of green nylon fabric .
A child poses wearing glasses near water outside .
A small girl smiling on the beach .
A young kid at the beach .
a young man wearing swimming goggles wearing a blue shirt with a pirate skull on it
A male athlete is wearing a teal sweatband and a shirt from Nike and is holding a tennis racket .
A man plays tennis .
A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket .
a tennis player wearing a yellow , white and blue shirt carrying a racquet
The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband .
Three dogs are running in the water on the beach .
Three dogs entering the ocean .
Three dogs rush to chase a ball thrown into the surf .
Three dogs walking away on the waters edge of the shore .
Three large dogs are playing in the water at the beach .
a lone surfboarder on a white surfboard flying through the air over a wave
An surfer airborne over a wave .
A surfer is jumping a wave .
A surfer jumps a wave .
Surfer does trick in wave as seen from behind
A group of girls sit back to back .
a group of girls sitting in a circle
Little girl in bare feet sitting in a circle .
Little girls sitting in a circle on wooden floor surrounded by observer area .
The young girls sat in a circle on the wood floor .
A man in a green shirt climbs an indoor climbing wall .
A man in a green shirt is climbing an obstacle course .
A teenage boy climbs an indoor climbing wall .
A teenager climbs a rock wall .
Someone climbs an indoor climbing wall .
children playing at the beach
A little boy in red shorts , a boy in a black Speedo , and a boy in grey shorts are all running on the beach .
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game .
Three boys play tag on the beach .
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them .
A grey dog chasing a brown dog in shallow water .
A small black dog chasing a small fluffy brown dog just above water .
Two dogs moving through water close to the shore .
Two dogs playing in a lake .
Two dogs playing on the shore .
Three children are pulling faces on a purple bench .
Three little girls are sitting on a purple bench and making funny faces .
Three little girls make silly faces on a wooden swing in an over saturated photo .
Three young girls are sitting on a bench swing in a park .
Three young girls pose together outside .
A dog biting the tail of a cow .
A dog chasing an animals tail on the grass .
A small animal leaps behind a larger animal , the larger animal 's tail obscuring the smaller one 's face .
A small dog chases after a large brown cow .
A tan animal is being swatted in the face by a brown and white bull .
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass .
A single tan-and-white dog dashes through tall green grass .
A small brown and white dog running through tall grass .
A small dog runs through a grassy field .
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass .
A blonde woman wearing a green shirt and blue jeans walks away .
a girl in a blue hoodie is carrying a brown bag
A woman in patterned blue jeans and a green sweater walks away whilst carrying a brown plastic bag .
A woman walking , wearing a green shirt and jeans
It looks like the girl went shopping and got something from the AVEDA store .
A man with a Mohawk with his arms in the air .
A man with multicolored hair wearing a weird outfit
A person in a kilt and a sports jersey and a Mohawk is in a store .
Punk rocker buys computer ink in the big-box store .
The man with the eccentric clothing and hair poses in a store .
A man climbing the icicles on a rock face .
A man climbs icy rocks .
A man climbs up a sheer wall of ice .
A man in a red jacket mountain climbing an icy rock mountain .
A person in a red and black outfit climbing the side of an icy mountain ,
A woman is laying on a striped couch on a grassy yard in a residential neighborhood .
A woman lays on a sofa in a yard .
A woman lies down on an old couch sitting on the grass .
Girl poses on couch on suburban lawn .
There is a couch sitting on grass with a girl in jeans and light brown hair on it .
A boy sitting in water .
A small boy is sitting in the water and water is splashing up through his legs .
A young boy in a swimming suit sits in water .
A young boy sitting on a water jet in a pool .
Little boy sitting in water with a fountain coming up through his lap .
A child in a red shirt is sitting against a wall with a map while eating .
A little girl eats an apple and sits in front of a map of the world .
A smiling child sits against a wall on a blanket and eats a snack .
A young child sits on the floor and leans against a map to eat .
little girl sitting down eating ice cream
A dog is jumping across an obstacle .
A dog jumps over a red and blue hurdle .
A dog leaps over a red and blue jump .
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle .
a tan dog jumping over a red and blue toy
A man in a flower patterned shirt is bowling .
A person bending over to pick up a ball at a bowling alley
People at the bowling alley .
The person in the white flowered shirt is bending down at the ball return in the bowling alley .
Two people at the bowling alley .
A brown dog is laying on its back on the grass with a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass , holding a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog with a tennis ball its mouth rolling on its back on a grassy surface .
A dog lays on his back with a favorite tennis ball in his mouth .
A tan dog plays with a tennis ball while rolling around in the grass .
A BMX rider in a red and black outfit is jumping on his motorcycle .
A dirt biker flies through the air .
A guy in red on a bike in midair .
A man in a red outfit jumps his motocross bike down the hill .
Someone in red on a bike is moving in midair .
A black and white dog is going after an orange Frisbee .
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee .
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee .
a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee
dog jumping for Frisbee
A family sitting on rocks posing for the camera .
The couple have children sitting in their laps on the rocky hillside .
The four people sit on a pile of rocks .
Two adults and two children pose on a pile of rocks .
Two adults and two children sitting on rocks for a picture
A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean .
A man parasails in the choppy water .
A man wakeboards on choppy water .
A man windsurfs in a wetsuit .
A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water .
A man is climbing the mountain .
A mountain climber is seen on the side of a tall mountain .
A solitary climber on snowy , high mountains .
Snow covered mountains with a person walking up in the background .
The mountaintop is filled with snow .
A black dog with his pink tongue sticking out running on the beach with a white dog wearing a red collar .
A white dog is following a black dog along the beach .
Two dogs run across the barren ground .
Two dogs running on the beach .
Two terrier dogs frolic on the beach .
A man swings his racket at a tennis ball .
A man with no shirt is playing tennis .
A man without a shirt playing tennis .
A shirtless man is getting ready to hit a tennis ball .
A shirtless man playing tennis in an fenced-in area .
A dog sled team seen from behind .
A group of dogs harnessed together to pull something in the snow .
A sled dog team running from the perspective of the rider .
A sled-dog team works hard on this snowy trail .
Several dogs in the snow , all harnessed in a line .
A dog walks down the dirt road as a person follows .
A tan dog walks ahead of a man in a dry area .
A white dog is going for a walk through the desert with its owner .
A yellow dog is walking along a mountain trail
Dog in desert area with distant man in background .
A football player in blue grabs a football player in white for a tackle .
A football player is being tackled by the rival team .
A football player is tackling the player with the football as the crowd watches .
Football players on a feild the one on the left in a blue uniform the one on the right in a white one with the fans in the back .
Two football player from the opposite team are holding back the one with the ball .
A ball is about to enter a goal at a soccer match .
A soccer player in a white shirt kicked a goal .
A soccer player tries to kick the ball in the goal .
A soccer team scores a goal .
Goal attempt during a soccer game being played on green grass .
A child playing in the beach sand during a sunset .
A child playing in the sand of a beach with the sun low on the horizon .
A person on the beach beside the ocean at sunset .
Image of a sunset at the beach with a kid in the foreground .
Someone paddles a small boat across a still lake at sunset .
A girl wrings out a wet shirt .
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands .
A little girl in a green outfit wringing out an orange rag .
A young girl plays outside .
The little girl in the green outfit is playing with a piece of orange material .
A boxer in black trunks taking a swing at a boxer in white trunks .
a man in black shorts is boxing against and man in white shorts .
A man wearing black boxing shorts and white boxing gloves and a man in white boxing shorts and white boxing gloves are fighting in the ring .
Two boxers fight in a well-lit ring surrounded by poorly-lit seating .
Two men battle it out in a boxing match with white gloves .
a man in a harness being dragged across the water
A man in a harness lands in the water .
A man on a tag line going into the water .
A man on a zip line being propelled through the water .
A man wearing bathing trunks is parasailing in the water .
A man snowboards .
A red-clothed snowboarder is performing an aerial trick .
A snowboarder in the air over a snowy mountain .
A snowboarder is in the air .
A snowboarder is jumping in the air over a snow slope .
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table .
A group of people looking at sound equipment .
People are inspecting sound equipment indoors .
People examine equipment .
Six people standing behind electrical equipment .
A girl is climbing a rock wall .
A person climbs a steep mountain .
A person wearing a white hat climbs a rock .
A rock climber ascends .
Someone climbs a rocks .
A black dog paddles behind a black cat in a body of water .
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool .
Two black dogs are dog paddling in a sparkling blue pool .
Two black dogs are swimming in a pool .
Two dogs swimming in a pool .
A group of people sing and dance at a concert .
A group of people singing in front of a DJ at his station .
A group of performers dancing in front of two DJs .
A group of performers sing and work to entertain the audience .
Group of kids singing on a stage .
A child is playing ice hockey
a young hockey player playing in the ice rink
A youth playing hockey .
The hockey player is skating on the ice smacking the puck .
Two people are playing ice hockey .
A mountain climber looks down from the summit
A person is rock climbing between two large rock faces .
A rock climber climbs in between two very large rocks .
A rock climber leans out from a crag against a deep blue sky .
Two large mountains stand high in the air as a person tries to climb one .
A boy wearing a teal shirt is riding a skateboard on a sidewalk .
A man wearing a green shirt is skateboarding on a ramp beside a white fence .
A skateboarder in a light green shirt .
A young male wearing a blue shirt rides a skateboard in an outdoor park at night .
A young man skateboards at night by a fence .
A boy is leaping over a blue hose pipe as a little girl watches .
A boy is leaping while his sister plays around a hose .
A young boy jumping in front of a young girl and a house .
Children are playing in and around a garden tube in the front yard of a house .
Two children playing above a blue water hose .
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee .
A dog jumps to catch an orange Frisbee .
A yellow dog chases a red Frisbee next to a black pot .
Grayish dog is playing Frisbee in the yard .
The yellow dog is trying to catch a red Frisbee .
a closeup picture of a girl with long black hair and one hand raised in the air .
A lady with dark hair dressed in red clothing with left arm in the air .
A woman in a red shirt with her arm raised .
A woman in a red sweater raises her hand in a crowd .
a woman raises her hand .
Killer whales perform for a crowd .
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people .
Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld .
Three whales are jumping into the air at the same time in front of a very large crowd .
Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch .
a brown and white dog chasing a ball on some grass .
a brown and white dog has is playing with a white ball on the grass .
A collie plays with a white ball in a field of green grass .
A orange dog playing with a white ball on green grass .
A small brown dog paws at a white ball
A boy in a blue shirt runs while smiling .
A child in a black shirt , running .
A little boy in navy blue is running very fast .
A young boy in a dark blue shirt runs as the grassy background blurs .
A young boy in dark clothing with a smile sprints .
A young boy sits at a picnic table and drinks out of a small cup .
Boy drinking , at backyard table full of bowls of food .
Child sitting at a backyard picnic table .
Little boy is drinking out of a glass at a picnic .
The boy drinks from a plastic glass while sitting at a table with food on it .
a small black dog biting a ladies two fingers on a beige couch
A small black dog chews on fingers .
A small dog bites a ladies fingers .
Small black dog biting on a person 's finger .
Small black dog biting the fingers of a woman .
A crowd at an outdoor event .
A crowd is gathering on a grassy plain .
A smaller art festival on the edge of a forest
children play in grass at a crowded outdoor festival .
People mingling at colorful fair .
A baby is dressed up in pink gear and staring while an adult holds her steady .
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult 's lap .
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat .
A woman is holding onto a baby wearing who is wearing sunglasses .
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .
A dog standing in the shallow part of the ocean while the waves splash around .
A dog standing in the water .
A wrinkled dog wading in shallow water .
The large brown dog is walking through water in the ocean .
The large brown dog stands in the choppy water .
a brown dog jumping over a blue and yellow stick .
A brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle at a competition .
The brown dog is jumping a hurdle over a yellow and black pole .
A boy pointing in a direction on a dirt road .
A boy with a backpack sits on a trail and points .
A man points his finger to the path ahead as he sits on the dirt path .
A man with a backpack is sitting in a dirt road and pointing toward the horizon .
a young man sitting in the middle of a dirt road pointing up the road .
A black and a blonde dog are either playing or fighting with each other .
A white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room .
Two dogs are jumping up at each other .
Two dogs fighting , one is black , the other beige .
Two dogs in a kennel on their hind legs facing one another .
a group of woman in pink dresses walking across a crosswalk towards a cruisship .
A group of women in pink dresses , walking across a street .
Girls in pink dresses walk toward a cruise ship
Ladies in bright dresses are crossing the road .
Several woman walking down the street dressed in pink and other assorted people .
Two babies look up while they are playing in a playpen with a lot of balls .
Two boys in tent-like area , with colorful balls on floor .
Two children look up .
Two kids are in a pen playing with colorful balls .
Two young children play with colored balls .
a brown dog is sitting on the grass wearing a blue sports jacket .
A dog in a blue sweater is sitting in the grass .
A gray dog sits on a lawn wearing a bright blue long sleeved jacket .
A gray dog wearing a blue long sleeved zip-up jacket .
The gray dog sits quietly , dressed in a blue track jacket .
a biker enjoys a coffee .
A man in a bright green shirt and sunglasses is riding a bicycle through the streets whilst drinking a latte .
A man in a bright green shirt riding a bicycle in a paved courtyard , carying a drink .
A man rides on his bike with one hand and holds a drink with the other .
A man riding a bike wearing a green shirt with a drink in his hand .
A girl in a purple sweatshirt bends over backwards .
A girl bending backwards holding her hat .
A person bending backwards .
A person in a blue sweatshirt is doing a back bend .
A woman in blue bends over backwards on the street .
A man is roping a bull in a rodeo while others in cowboy hats watch .
A man is up in the air with one hand on a bull .
A rodeo rider gets tossed up into the air by a black bull as fellow cowboys look on .
man getting thrown in the air while bull riding
The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence .
A white dog catches a green ball while standing in shallow water .
a white dog is jumping up out of the water to catch a ball .
A white dog jumps in the water to catch a tennis ball .
a white dog jumps out of the water to catch a ball .
A white dog jumps out of the water to catch a tennis ball .
a boy is kneeling under a statue of bear that has a painting of a man on its back .
A boy sits under a bear with Einstein 's picture on it .
A picture of Albert Einstein on a white bear statue , with a little boy standing under the bear statue 's face .
A portrait of Einstein is painted on statue of a polar bear .
Painting of Albert Einstein on a bear with child reaching up .
A brown and white Sheltie leaping over a rail .
A collie is running through an obstacle course
Collie jumping over a training hurdle that is on the grass .
Collie making a jump over a yellow hurdle .
The dog is leaping over a hurdle .
a group of children playing in a sprinkler
A group of children playing in a water fountain .
Children play in a water spray .
Little kids enjoy sprinklers by running through them outdoors .
Several girls in swimsuits are playing in a sprinkler fountain .
A young girl is in a teal colored netted skirt and wearing a shirt with a peace sign .
A young girl smiles while wearing a teal fluffy skirt .
a young girl wearing blue smiles .
The little girl is running and laughing .
The little girl is wearing a white T-shirt with a peace sign and a sea foam green tutu .
A man dressed in camouflage riding a motorbike
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike .
A man is riding a dirt bike over some rocks .
A man wearing camouflage steers a motorcycle across some stones .
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks .
A girl kisses her mother goodbye before she waits with the other children to start school .
A group of children in blue clothes stand by a gate .
A group of students in uniform stand in front of the gate .
Crowd of people near the water .
Group of schoolchildren in uniforms standing at a gate , one kissing her mother goodbye .
A boy in a blue shirt jumps down stairs on a skateboard .
A man flies through the air on his skateboard above a white staircase .
A skateboarder jumps his board down a flight of stairs .
A skateboarder sails over white steps .
Skateboarder jumping down stairs of building .
A girl in a white coat takes pictures .
A girl in a white puffy jacket takes a picture .
a group of people looking into their cameras
Asian woman in white coat takes photo .
The woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .
A child and her mother are playing ball in a park .
A little girl with a hat playing ball with her mom .
A young asian girl with a woman plays with a blue ball in a part setting .
A young woman and her daughter play with a blue and white beach ball in the grass .
Girl with tan dress and a hat with woman in a grey top with blue ball on ground .
A child on a kiddie swing being pushed by a woman
An adult smiles with a child on a swing .
A young woman watches as a young blond boy swings in a chair swing with buildings visible in the background .
The woman stands outdoors , next to a child in a swing .
Woman standing , with a child on a swing .
An empty seat at a Mexican themed restaurant .
A red colored diner features dark red chairs .
Crowded Mexican restaurant , empty chair in foreground .
Many people sit in a Mexican restaurant .
People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .
Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets .
Two people are wading in the water as the sun cascades off of the water .
Two people in water .
two people stand elbow deep in the ocean , watching the sunset .
two people swim in the water at sunset .
The greyhounds are running quickly in this race .
Three dogs racing on racetrack
Three dogs running on a racing track .
Three greyhounds racing on a track
Three racing dogs with masks on their mouths .
A bunch of people at a train station .
A photo of a train platform on a chilly day .
A train station says " tychy miasto "
People are boarding two yellow and blue trains .
Several people waiting outside a train station .
A black and grey dog is playing with a blue ball outside .
A dog is playing with a ball on the grass .
a dog playing with a blue ball
A gray dog chases a blue soccer ball on the grass .
A graying dog is pushing a blue soccer ball downhill with his nose .
A furry dog running on an open field of grass .
A gray fuzzy dog running through snow .
A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field .
A grey shaggy dog running
Fluffy grey dog running in a field
A guitarist plays while people play with hula-hoops in the background .
A guitarist sits playing before microphones , while a man and a boy dance and a woman stands by .
A man in a white hat plays guitar on a stage .
A man plays guitar on a stage while another woman smiles
Four people performing music outdoors .
A man grabs the end of a set of bagpipes while another man plays .
A man is playing blowing into bagpipes whilst another man tests the tone with an electronic tuner .
A man plays a bagpipe while another checks on the instrument .
Two men are wearing black hats and carrying bagpipes .
Two men , one playing a bagpipe and one adjusting the bagpipe .
a body boarder is being dumped on the beach by a wave whilst other surfers are standing around in the water .
A child is pushed by a large wave while holding his yellow surfboard .
Four swimmers in the crystal blue ocean with yellow surfboards .
People surfboarding and standing in the ocean .
some wakeboarders riding waves on a beach busy with tourists
A little white and brown dog runs through brown grass .
A small dog runs through a field .
Brown and white dog runs through brush .
Small dog running through a field .
The dog is running full speed through the meadow .
A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places .
A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera .
A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio .
A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass .
The young boy is walking wearing a blue jacket , a black sweater and white collared shirt .
One girl is wearing a white t-shirt with red sleeves ; the other has words on hers .
two asian girls laughing together
Two girls with dark hair and white shirts .
Two girls with long hair are smiling and one is hold something white and green .
Two women in white shirts talking .
A teacher is instructing two boys how to use the computer in a class .
A woman helps boys on a computer .
Children sit in front of a computer while their teacher instructs them .
Kids work at computers with a teacher 's help .
Two boys are getting help on a computer from a teacher .
A black dog in water .
A black dog standing in a shallow area of water on a rocky beach .
A dog stands in a tide pool
a small black dog in the ocean with some rocks in the background
A small black dog plays in the water .
A surfer on a blue surfboard is falling off of it as he hits a wave .
a surfer rides up the wave .
Man falling off a blue surfboard in the ocean .
The surfer is in the wave .
The surfer rides a wave on a blue surfboard .
There are women in St Patrick 's Day costumes
Three women celebrate St Patrick 's day by dressing up in green and white on a busy street .
Three women dressed in green celebrating St Patricks Day .
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks .
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks .
A girl bouncing on a colorful sheet .
A girl in a bounce house .
A girl playing on a parachute .
The little girl is playing with her shoes off .
This girl is playing on an object which is yellow , green , red , and blue .
A child in a green hat swings on monkey bars at a blue playground .
A child playing on a playground play set .
A child swinging on a playground play set .
A little boy is climbing on the monkey bars at a playground .
Kids playing at a park jungle gym .
These men are smoking outside a grey building .
Two men are standing by a railing , while posing for a picture .
Two men in black jackets behind a white handrail .
Two men smoking behind a railing .
Two men smoking while standing by a rail in front of a building
A blue motorcycle is jumping over some colored barrels .
A dirt biker lands on a ramp .
A man riding a blue motorcycle jumps over a ramp .
a motorcyclist jumping on a ramp
A motorcyclist rides down a ramp held up by colorful barrels .
A girl does a cartwheel in the street while people watch from the sidewalk .
a girl doing a cartwheel in front of a crowd
A woman is doing a backwards flip in front of a crowd of other people sitting on the sidewalk .
Someone in shorts is somersaulting in front of a crowd .
The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched .
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach .
A man and 4 dogs playing on the beach .
A man is standing at the shoreline on the beach with 4 dogs .
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach .
Man watching four dogs play on the beach
A boy is kicking up dust as he runs in the dirt by a tree .
A boy wearing brown running in dirt .
a dirty boy runs through the dirt .
A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass .
A teenage boy runs through the dirt near a house in the country .
A brown and black dog fetching a blue toy .
A dog carrying something blue and running .
A dog running with a blue toy in its mouth .
A dog runs towards the camera with a blue ball in his mouth .
A young German Shepherd runs with a toy in his mouth .
Children sit in a classroom holding slates .
Five of the six children have their own chalkboard .
Six African children sitting at two tables .
Six children are sitting in two rows with plastic bags on the desk in front of them .
Three children sitting at desks .
A beige and dark brown dog plays in the swimming pool with his mouth open .
a black and white dog trying to bite a stream of water
a dog is making a splash in a blue paddling pool .
A dog is splashing through water trying to catch ice in its mouth .
A dog playing in some water .
A couple practice different ways to wear sunglasses in front of a red car .
A girl and boy with sunglasses and a red car behind them .
A man with sunglasses and a woman with a hat are in front of a car .
a man with sunglasses on his head is looking at the woman with a white hat and red scarf next to him whilst standing in front of a red sports car .
A woman in a crochet hat and sunglasses smiles while the man beside her in a plaid short and sunglasses looks behind her .
A dog plays on the beach .
A dog running on a beach .
a large dog runs on the beach with something hanging out of its mouth .
The dog ran across the beach .
The large black dog is running on the sand near the beach .
Two females are standing next to each other and appear to be unexcited .
Two girls are standing by a wooden wall looking off to their left .
Two women with black hair stand in front of plywood .
Two young women are leaning up against a wooden wall .
Two young women , one with folded arms , look off screen .
A man wearing a black hat walks along a road next to a building .
An older man in a long sleeved black shirt is walking down a cobblestone street alone .
a old man walks down the uncrowded road .
A person walking in front of a building .
The man is walking near a brown building .
A little girl in a swing laughs .
A little girl is swinging in her brightly colored swing outside .
A little girl sits in a plastic swing set .
A young girl on a swing .
Girl wearing pink pants smiles in baby swing
A naked cyclist in body paint rides at a fair .
A naked girl covered in painted flower designs riding a bicycle .
A naked woman wearing body paint riding a bicycle .
A painted woman rides a bike in public .
A young naked lady in body paint rides a bike through a street festival .
A black and white dog looking up .
A black and white dog stares up into the sky on a sunny day .
A dog in a grassy field , looking up .
A dog looking up in a grassy field .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor .
A dog lays under a table being sniffed by another dog .
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture .
One dog sniffs another lying on the ground .
There is a dog laying on the floor and another standing over him , licking his ear .
a dog jumps over a fence , while two other dogs watch .
One dog , apparently standing on the edge of a fence , confronts three others in a backyard setting .
The dog is on the fence
Three dogs are in a fenced yard and one is jumping off the fence .
Two pitbulls fighting , one standing on top of a fence .
A lone surfer on a white surfboard atop a huge wave in the ocean .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing up and over a wave .
A man in a wetsuit surfs .
A surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave .
This is a male surfer riding against the waves .
a black dog plays with a ball in the water .
A black dog runs in the water holding a pink toy in its mouth .
A black dog standing in shallow water with a pink ball in its mouth .
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball .
The black dog is running though the water with a pink ball .
A snowboarder going over a cliff .
A snowboarder is jumping off a high stone wall .
A snowboarder vaulting over a rock ridge .
Snowboarder performing a trick high in the air over snow .
The snowboarder is doing a jump .
A man chains his bike to a rack while a woman in black and red walks .
Several people , one being a woman in a black dress , are outside , near a bike rack .
The woman wearing a red bow walks past a bicycle .
Woman in a black dress walking on the street .
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street .
A woman in a blue sweater with a blue scarf around her head .
A woman in a head covering is looking away from the camera .
A woman is wearing a blue headscarf and a blue sweater .
A woman wearing a teal cardigan with a teal scarf and sunglasses on her head .
There is a woman with a green scarf around her head .
Children dancing on hardwood flooring .
Two children are playing or dancing inside .
Two little girls dance on a hardwood floor in the house .
two little girls dancing on the floor
Two young girls playing in a house .
A baby eats and has food on his face .
A boy with lips messy from eating fruit
A little boy is eating something and got it all over his mouth .
A small child with berries all over its mouth .
A young brown eyed boy with red syrup on his lips is pouring syrup .
One young girl pushing a toy while her twin sister looks on .
Two children wearing bright pink clothes are playing with a toy lawnmower .
Two girls are dressed the same and one of them is playing with a toy lawnmower .
Two little girls stand against a wall , one girl has a happy face and the other girl has a sad face .
Two twin girls playing with a toy in the driveway
A man is shoveling snow during a sunrise .
A man stands in the snow as the sun sets .
A mist overshadows a man in winter gear and the winter landscape in front of him .
A person stands in a snowy area looking down .
Man walking through the deep snow at dusk .
A man on horseback on a grassy field in front of mountains .
A person on a brown horse in a prairie in front of tall mountains .
A person riding a horse with a mountain range in the far background .
A rider on a horse in front of a mountain range
Distant horse rider on plain in the middle of brown mountains .
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
A man in a knit cap stands next to a brick wall .
A man standing in front of a brick building .
Man wearing black shirt standing in front of a red brick wall .
The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign .
A brown dog holding something purple and black in its mouth .
a dog catches black Frisbee .
A large wet yellow dog retrives his toy .
Dog running with toy .
The wet dog catches a toy while playing on the sand .
a football player in a red jersey getting his knee looked at by another man
A man is checking out an injured football player at a game .
An injured football player is being nursed on the field in the middle of a game .
two men examine a football players leg .
Two men help an injured player on the field .
A man on the beach is taking a picture of another man .
A man posing for his photo on a rocky beach .
A man takes a picture of another man at the beach .
Man filiming a man with sunglasses at the beach .
Two men are standing on a rocky shore , while one photographs the other .
A boy holding a plate over his head .
A boy wearing blue is standing in the middle of a room holding a plate above his head .
a young child balancing a plate in the air on one arm .
The child wearing striped pants is holding an object .
The young boy is pretend playing with boxes .
A group of rollerbladers is lined up on the street .
A group of rollerblading on a sloping road .
A line of rollerbladers crouch down aerodynamically
Many people are rollerblading down the street .
Rollerbladers roll in formation down a hill .
A family of five is watching a performer standing on a stepstool .
A group of people watch a man standing on a stool dressed in a thong .
A half-naked performer is performing for a small crowd outside .
A man in a small bathing suit standing on a stool at a tourist location
A mostly nude man standing on a stool while a family of 5 look at him questioningly .
A man is fly fishing Alon in a stream .
A man is wading in a river .
Man fly fishing in a small river with steam in the background .
Person fishing in river .
The man is standing in the river next to smoking grass .
A black dog with a purple collar and a black leash runs in the grass .
A black dog with a purple collar is running .
A black dog with a purple collar running .
a black dog with purple collar running
The black dog is wearing a purple collar with a black leash as he is running .
A man rides his skateboard with his shadow falling on a wall covered in graffiti .
A skateboarder grinding a lip .
A skateboarder is jumping through the air in front of a graffiti covered wall .
A skateboarder performs a skateboard trick against a graffiti wall .
A skateboarder performs tricks on a ramp in front of a wall with graffiti .
A hiker in a tent on a mountain .
A hiker pokes his head out of a tent high in the mountains .
A man sits in his tent on a mountain .
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain .
Someone is peaking out of a dome tent pitched near a snowy mountain .
A person hanging from a telephone pole near the mountains .
A person is hanging in the air from the power lines .
A person is hanging upside down from power lines .
Person hanging upside down from poles
Someone is suspended from electrical wires .
Two children are dressed as pirates .
Two children dressed as pirates
Two children kneeling down with pirate hats on
Two young boys are kneeling in the bushes wearing pirate costumes .
Two young boys wearing pirate hats are crouching down .
A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .
A collie running through the snow .
A Sheltie dog carries a white-colored toy in its mouth as it walks across the snow .
Dog with a toy in the snow .
The dog wades through deep snow with something in its mouth .
A female skier in a green with pink flowers hat skiing .
A woman skies
A woman skiing
A woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill .
The girl skies down the snowy mountain .
A brown dog jumps through three hoops .
A dog is jumping through hoops held by people .
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop .
A medium size dog is jumping through hoops which are being held by men .
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops .
A brown and white dog trotting down the road in autumn .
A brown dog is carrying a ball up the road .
A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves .
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods .
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
A black and white dog jumping in a yard .
A black dog jumps for a Frisbee in a backyard with a white fence .
A dog catches a flying disk in a yard with a tree .
A jumping dog in motion .
A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs .
A man carrying many woven baskets next to a man carrying a stack of rugs on his back .
Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach .
Two people carrying colorful baskets and blankets walk near a building .
Two people walking laden down with baskets and blankets .
a lone person walking in the distance on a long beach .
A man is walking on the beach and leaving some footprints behind
A person walks along the beach and leaves footprints in the sand .
A woman in a black dress is leaving footprints in the sand as she walks towards the ocean .
woman walking on sand leaving footprints
There are two kids in swimmies playing outside next to some trees .
Two boys with long blond hair are climbing on a hillside .
Two boys with water wings climb a tree .
Two children posing for a picture wearing water wings and sitting on a rock .
Two little boys are sitting on a clump of dirt .
A bunch of men play rugby on a muddy field .
A group of men are playing rugby .
A group of men are playing rugby .
A group of opposing players are in the middle of a rugby game .
Men play rugby .
A bird flies above the water .
A heron is flying through the air near foliage .
A large white bird flying over water .
A large white bird swoops over water .
A white bird with yellow feet is flying over water .
A boy jumping over another boy on a trampoline .
A boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline .
One boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline .
The little boy jumps over another little boy on the trampoline .
Two boys jumping on a trampoline .
A race cars muffler catches on fire .
A race car sparks .
A sports car with flames coming out the exhaust .
The blue and white race car has flames coming out of its tail pipe .
The white racing car has fire bursting from its exhaust pipe .
A man with red shirt and black hat stares at another man .
Asian man in red flowered shirt and hat in discussion with two other men
Talk between man in Hawaiian shirt , older man in gray and man seen from behind .
These three men are sitting near each other , and are all wearing short sleeved shirts .
Three men , one in a red and white shirt , are sitting together .
Two children standing under an awning .
Two kids are playing a game of Foosball .
Two kids in a developing nation are playing a table top game under an awning made from burlap .
Two men play a game beneath a shade .
Two young kids are in a hut .
A lady looks to her right and holds a mini camera .
A lady with curly brown hair stands in a crowd with a camera .
A woman holding a camera .
A woman stands in a crowd holding a camera .
The woman with a camera is looking to the side in a crowded area
A barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .
A little girl climbs up a rock climbing jungle gym at a park .
A young child climbing a rock wall at a playground .
Girl climbing on a climbing wall
The little girl is climbing a wall in the park barefoot .
Four girls in evening attire pose for a picture .
four girls in evening wear are posing for a photograph .
Four woman wearing formal gowns pose together and smile .
Four women are standing together , posing for a picture .
Four women in dresses pose together .
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park .
A black and white dog running in a snowy park .
A black and white dog runs over snow by a tree and bench .
A small white and black dog jumping in the snow
Black and white dog running in the snow .
A crowd of people in the street at night .
A young girl sits atop a lady 's shoulders as they revel with the celebrating crowd .
Two woman and a child look at each other while a night party scene goes on behind them .
Two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party .
Two women and one young girl are together in a crowded area .
A bicyclist flies through the air as he encounters a tree in his path .
A bicyclist is jumping over a large object .
A man on a bike is jumping off a dirt ramp .
A man wearing a light brown shirt is riding a dirt bike in the woods .
A mountain biker is jumping his bike over a tree stump in the woods .
A man parasails in the waves ,
A man rides large waves on a wind sail .
A man windsurfs in the ocean .
A person parasails on the crest of a wave .
A windsurfer in the waves of the ocean .
A hiker is walking a treeless path up a hill .
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill .
A man with a big backpack is walking through a grass trail up a hill .
Person hiking up a grassy trail toward a large hill .
The hiker is following a trail uphill .
A small dog leaps across a brown pillow .
a small white and black dog jumping over a big brown couch .
A small white dog with brown on his face and back is jumping over a cushion .
A white dog with black spots jumps in midair .
White dog high jumping over some pillows .
A basketball player dribbles the ball while another blocks him and an official looks on .
A basketball player in a whit outfit is dribbling the ball around a player in a red outfit as the referee looks on .
A Miami basketball player dribbles by an Arizona State player .
A referee watches two basketball players playing basketball .
The guard drives towards the basket during a college basketball game .
A boy dribbles a basketball in the gymnasium .
A boy dribbling a basketball in a gym .
A boy wearing a Steve Nash shirt dribbles a basketball on an indoor court .
A child in a gray t-shirt is bouncing a basketball on a basketball court .
One little boy dribbles his basketball .
A brown and white dog with a Frisbee in his mouth .
A dog with his front paws off the ground holds a white Frisbee in his mouth in an RV campground .
A white and brown dog jumps up for a white Frisbee .
Dog catching Frisbee .
The brown and white dog is catching a Frisbee in his mouth .
A boy in a baseball uniform runs the bases .
A boy is running around the bases in a baseball game .
A boy runs to a baseball base .
A child in a baseball uniform runs on a baseball field .
The young baseball player is running to one of the bases .
A dog swimming along the ocean with a bark in its mouth .
A dog swimming though water holding a stick .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A dog swims holding a large stick in his mouth in front of a city skyline .
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog splashing through water .
A dog is running through a pond
a dog pounces into the water .
The large brown dog is running through shallow water .
There is a chocolate brown dog running in water .
A little girl gets her picture taken while on the merry-go-round .
A little girl in pink clothes holding yellow rods .
A little girl on a piece of playground equipment
A little girl sitting on a playground ride .
A young girl looks up as she rides on a merry-go-round .
A girl 's hands , another person 's feet , and a boy playing bongo drums sit on a picnic table .
A picture of a group of peoples ' feet .
The legs and feet of people sitting on a wooden table , two cameras and cigarettes on it .
Three people are sitting on a picnic table along with two cameras and a drum .
Three people sit on a bench .
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball .
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head .
A soccer ball is above the head of a man wearing black shorts and red and black striped shirt .
A soccer player in black shorts is jumping into the air .
The person in the red and black uniform has a ball above her head .
A man and a woman at the waterfront .
A woman and a man is standing beside water in front of buildings .
A woman holding a black leash and a man looking down .
A woman wearing a scarf looks down .
A woman wearing a scarf stands near the water and looks down .
a bicyclist wearing a helment riding down a steep ramp
A bike rider catches air near a ramp .
A BMX rider in midair .
A man wearing a green shirt is jumping his bicycle off a ramp .
Cyclist in green shirt doing trick on wooden ramp
A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .
a child on a spinning wheel holding on for dear life
A young boy rides a blue and yellow merry-go-round with an adult male hand in the foreground .
A young kid is standing up on the merry go round .
The boy is standing on the playground equipment in the blue triangle .
A man is standing on an animal in the water .
A man is standing on an elephant lying in some water .
A man standing on a rock in a river with a spash next to him .
A man stands on top of an elephant in the water .
A man stands on top of a submerged elephant .
A crowd of people are standing in front of Italian style buildings .
A crowd of people stand looking at somthing in a European courtyard .
A crowd of people stands attentively in a plaza with buildings in the background .
A group of people are looking at the buildings .
Group of people standing in the town square looking up .
A man in yellow jumps with his skis .
A man in yellow ski jumping over a barrel .
A man jumps while snow skiing .
A skier catches air over the snow .
Man skiing over a barrel in a snowy area .
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore .
Two boys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore .
Two boys play with two dogs next to the ocean .
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
A man dives into a lake .
A man dives into the water surrounded by rocks and pine trees .
A man is diving into water near a shore .
A young man dives into water .
The man is diving into the water .
A lady sitting on a front porch reading a book .
A person sits at a doorstep and reads a book .
A woman is reading literature and sitting on the front stoop of a building .
A woman sits and reads in the stoop of a wooden door .
A woman sits and reads on the front stoop of her building .
A girl blows a whistle .
A little girl in a yellow dress with red flowers blows a whistle .
A little girl with a yellow dress blows the whistle .
A small girl blows a whistle .
A young girl in a yellow flowered sundress holds something in her right hand to her mouth .
a dog gets sprayed by a hose .
A dog is being sprayed with water .
A dog jumping through the air getting hit by water .
An animal is hosed down by a brick wall .
Leaping dog sprayed by off screen person with hose .
A girl dances with adults in the sand .
a group of people dancing on a beach in front of a truck
Friends and family dance on a beach by their vehicles .
Many people dancing in a sandy desert .
Several people are dancing in some sand .
A man rides a ski lift up a mountain .
The man and woman ride the ski lift up the snowy mountain .
two men sit on a chairlift .
Two people ride up the mountain on a ski life .
two people wearing skis on chairlift
two motorcyclists riding tandom on a biek down the street .
Two people are on a black motorcycle driving very fast .
Two people on a motorcycle .
Two people ride together on a motorcycle
Two people riding a motorcycle .
A bird eating .
A small , pale bird bends down to examine a crumb .
A small white bird looks at a small object .
A tan bird stands on a ledge about to eat something .
The bird leans over to a small piece of food .
The two small dogs run through the grass .
Two fluffy white dogs running in green grass .
Two small dogs run through the grass .
Two small dogs that look almost identical are playing in the grass .
Two yellow dogs run together in green grass .
a boy with a blue helmet is riding a bike
A young boy has his mouth open as he rides his bike outdoors past a stone wall .
A young boy is riding a bike .
A young boy wearing a helmet and riding a bike in a park .
The boy with the red and blue helmet rides his bicycle .
A man playing cricket , his bat pointed to the sky .
Man dressed in white playing sports .
The cricketer is swinging a bat in the air .
The man wearing knee protectors swings a cricket club .
The man wearing white clothes and white leg padding is practicing a sport .
A boy wearing a red shirt is splashed by water .
A child with water splashing on him .
A little boy being splashed by water on his head
little kid in red pooh shirt getting wet
The little boy in red is getting drenched with water .
A man and a woman wearing a head covering turn the video camera on themselves .
A man and woman pose for the video camera that they are holding .
A man in a brown sweater and a woman smile for their video camera .
A smiling couple with a camcorder .
Woman standing with man holding a camcorder and smiling into lens .
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool .
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool .
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .
A child with a water noodle .
A little boy wearing blue shorts is holding a yellow noodle over a pool .
A couple looking at a red sculpture
A man and a woman looking at a red sculpture .
A man and woman look back at the camera while standing in front of a red art structure .
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue .
A man and woman stand near a large red sculpture outdoors .
A man rides his blue bike high in the air over a park .
a man wearing blue and riding a blue bike jumping in midair
Someone is airborne on a turquoise bicycle .
The boy is doing a stunt , through the air , on his bicycle .
The man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle .
A man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .
A man in colorful trunks surfing a wave on a white surfboard .
A surfer rides a wave in a clear blue ocean .
a surfer surfs a wave .
Man in multicolor trunks riding a surfboard on a wave .
A woman carrying a white ball is running behind a small boy .
A woman holding a ball chases a small boy running in the grass .
a woman holding a small ball chasing after a small boy .
A woman is running after a boy on the grass .
A woman with a softball runs after a child in a grassy lawn .
a boy and a girl bouncing on a ball
The children are wearing black tights while hopping .
Two children dressed in black bounce on red and green bouncy balls in a garage .
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls .
Two young children bouncing on balls .
A man sitting on the left near a man walking along the side of a street with colorful buildings .
A man walking by a sitting man on the street .
A man with dreadlocks and a backpack walks down the sidewalk with colorful buildings in the background .
A white man with dreadlocks walks down the sidewalk .
Two boys are on the sidewalk as cars pass by on the road .
Two collies are barking as they play on the edge of the ocean
Two dogs are jumping on an empty beach with waves .
Two dogs playing on the beach .
Two white and brown dogs barking on the shoreline while waves roll in behind them .
two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach with the ocean behind them .
A boy riding a sled off of a snow ramp .
A boy riding a tobaggan down a snowy hill
A child sleds over a mound of snow as others watch him .
A group of people are sledding down a snow covered hill .
The young man is flying through the air on his green snowboard .
A man doing a karate kick on a block of ice .
A man karate kicks a stack of ice bricks .
A martial artist breaks a brick .
A martial artist breaks ice with a kick .
The man breaking the ice with his foot stands on a blue mat .
A class full of students .
A classroom of students watching a presentation .
A conference is being held that involves laptops and big screen presentations .
A group of people are at a conference watching a slideshow .
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people .
A black dog approaches the camera with his hind legs raised and his ears forward .
A black dog in the backyard .
A black dog running in a backyard
A black dog running in a grassy fenced in yard .
a black great Dane running toward the camera in a backyard
a dirt biker turns across the dirt .
A dirt bike takes a turn .
A man riding a motorbike kicks up dirt .
A person rides a dirt bike .
The motorcycle racer is taking a curve on the dirt track .
A small black dog is standing on two feet and wearing a pink tutu .
Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers .
The dog is jumping up beside a red wall .
The small brown and black down is wearing a pink tutu .
The small dog wearing a tutu stands on its hind legs .
A girl in a flowered dress peaking through some leaves .
A girl peeks through the leaves on a tree .
a girl peeks through the green leaves .
A young girl peers through the green foliage .
A young girl 's face looking through leaves .
A couple of smiling little boys ride together in a plastic chair-swing , one on the other 's lap .
Children swinging on a blue swing in the park .
The two children swinging together on a swing .
Two little kids laugh on a blue swing .
Two smiling , small children , one child holding the other on a swing .
A boy is making a splash in a swimming pool .
A child is splashed by water in an indoor swimming pool .
A little boy is jumping out of the pool .
A redheaded boy has just come up from under the water in a pool .
A young boy playing in a swimming pool .
An older child watching a toddler play with a long spring inside a house .
A young child plays with a slinky in the family room while an older sibling watches .
Two little children and one is playing with a slinky .
Two young children are playing in the living room with some toys .
two young children playing in front of a couch
A girl twirls in a pink dress .
A little girl dancing in a pink and green dress .
A little girl twirls around in a flowery dress .
A young girl in a pink dress is dancing .
Blonde girl in green dress with pink flowers .
A beige puppy walks across the floor .
A small puppy rungs towards the camera .
A white puppy is running on a tiled floor .
puppy running on the floor
The white dog ran across the tile floor .
a black and white dog with a stick in his mouth standing on a hill .
A dog is playing catch on the grassy plain
A dog stands at the top of a mountain and looks on .
A dog stands on a hill looking towards the valley with a stick in its mouth .
brown dog holding stick in mouth
A black dog jumping .
A brown dog is jumping on its hind legs .
a brown dog is leaping into the air in front of a wooden structure in a pine forest .
a brown dog jumping off the ground in the woods
The dog leaps into the air in a field .
Empty seats at a stadium , except for two people in green rain ponchos .
The two people wearing green are sitting down and surrounded by empty seats .
Two lonely fans in green ponchos sit in a stadium .
Two people in green sit in an otherwise empty stadium .
Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty .
A man among steep and snowy mountains .
Someone hikes down a steep , frozen mountainside .
The grass has ice on it and there is a mountain in the background .
The man is climbing up a steep snowy mountain .
The person is high on a mountain during sunset .
A dirt bike rider is in the air pulling off a trick .
A dirt biker who is sideways in the air having come off of a dirt jump .
A motorbiker racer performs an aerial stunt as he flies over a dirt hill in the woods .
A person on a dirt bike doing a trick over a hill .
A person on a dirt bike soaring through the air sideways .
Two children are laughing in the grass .
Two girls laughing outside in a yard .
Two girls standing on grass face each other .
Two young girls are playing and laughing in a green grassy yard .
Two young girls playing together .
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool .
Two boys are jumping into a pool .
Two guys jumping into a pool .
Two teenage boys are leaping into a swimming pool .
Two teenage boys jump flailing into a hotel pool .
A camera man videotapes a skier climbing a tree stump .
A man on ski has jumped in a tree while another man is watching
A person in skis is jumping off the side of a tree while someone records it .
a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man
A skier jumps through the air , next to a tall tree , while a man videotapes him .
A group of people on skis with two dogs .
A man dressed in a horned hat poses for a picture on skis with three other people and a dog .
Four people holding each others shoulders with a brown dog in front of them , standing on snow .
People dressed in costumes are on skis .
People , some dressed in costumes , and dogs on a snowy mountain .
A guy rowing a yellow canoe down a river .
A lone , yellow canoe being paddled through a river .
A man on a scenic canoe trip .
A man with an orange hat in a yellow canoe paddles along a river in a wooded , mountainous area .
Man paddling a yellow canoe on a river .
A man and a dog running across shallow water on a beach .
A man and his dog walk on the ice of a frozen pond .
A man dressed in winter clothes is on the beach wiht a dog .
a man in a brown jacket is running on a sandy bay towards a dog that is in turn running towards him .
The backview of a man dressed up in a jacket and a dog running towards him .
A man displays a photograph .
a man holding up a picture of two people suffering
A man is holding up a small poster with two people in it .
A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture .
A man is walking down the street holding up a picture .
A boy wearing a blue helmet rides a bike with his feet on the handlebars .
A boy with a blue helmet plays on his bicycle .
A little boy with a blue helmet rides his bike with his feet on the handlebars .
Boy in blue helmet riding bike with feet on handlebars .
Boy with a helmet resting his feet on the handlebars of his bike .
An african american woman dressed in orange is hitting a tennis ball with a racquet .
A tennis player in an orange outfit hits a ball .
A tennis player in orange is striking the ball with her racquet .
A woman in an orange athletic outfit playing tennis
Serena Williams hitting a ball in an orange outfit
A man on a motorized bike rides across a dirt road .
A man rides a pinkish motorbike on a hill .
A person on a dirt bike is riding up a sandy hill .
A person riding a dirt bike .
Man riding a dirt bike on a dirt track .
A boy jumps into water fully clothed .
A boy jumps into water while another watches .
A boys jumps in the water while another boy looks on .
A kid jumps over a small waterful while another boy looks on .
Two boys playing in a lake .
A boy in a green uniform is kicking a soccer ball in a game while two others stand behind him .
Boys play soccer near a goal post .
Some children are playing soccer on a sports-field by the goal .
The little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball .
three boys play soccer .
A man does a trick on his skateboard in front of a crowd .
A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air .
A young man shocks the audience with his skateboard tricks .
Man with no shirt and tatoos on back airborne with skateboard in hand .
The skateboarder performs a jump in front of a crowd of spectators .
Children skating while people watch on the side .
Two boys ice skate with other people .
Two boys on ice skates race on an outdoor ice rink .
Two boys race on ice skates while others watch .
Two children are skating quickly on ice .
A little boy and a little girl are playing with pebbles on the beach .
A small boy and girl on the beach 's edge , looking at the ground
Two kids playing on a pebble beach by the water
Two little kids play on a pebble covered beach .
Two young child stand on the rocks near the edge of the water .
A boy in a yellow shirt is walking on a beach holding a surfboard .
A boy in a yellow shirt walks with his surfboard out of the ocean .
a little boy at the beach with a surfboard
A young boy in a yellow rash guard is walking on the shore carrying a surfboard .
a young boy wearing a yellow shirt walking on the beach carrying a surfboard
At least 4 people swim in shallow water that grows deeps towards a bridge .
Children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a foot bridge in the background .
Kids playing in the water in front of a wooden bridge .
Two children playing in a lake
Two children playing in a river near a wooden bridge .
A group of people watching a snowboarder perform a trick .
a person snowboarding over a large hump with onlookers in front of him
People are watching a snowboarder perform a trick in the air .
Several people are watching a snowboarder with a blue jacket jump .
Spectators watch a snowboarder in mid-flight amid a snowy landscape .
A dog is playing in the deep snow .
A dog running through deep snow pack .
A dog runs through the deep snow .
A white dog is running through the snow .
White dog running through snow
An African man and a boy are standing behind a coarse wooden table in a blue room .
A young boy and an older woman sitting at a brown table in a blue room .
The person in the yellow shirt is sitting with a child at a wooden picnic table .
Two people sit in front of tables in a room with blue walls .
Two people sitting in a blue room with ratty wooden seats and tables .
A man and two women standing by a wood pole in front of steps .
Three students standing together in front of a stairway .
Three young adults look towards the camera in a school setting .
Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling .
Two women and a man smile for the camera .
Two dogs run along the green grass near the water .
Two dogs running past a tree .
Two dogs run through a field .
Two dogs run through grass near a body of water .
Two grey dogs run near the water on a manicured lawn in the fall .
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water .
A man is rowing in a small boat called Neptuno
A man rows his boat below .
Man rowing a boat .
The fisherman paddles in his to a new spot .
A girl in a black coat next to some school kids .
Four teenagers are standing at the foot of some steps by a brick wall .
Kids are waiting at the bottom of a staircase attached to a brick building .
Peoople stand outside a building near a street .
Teenagers congregate outside a brick building
A black dog jumping from a wooden deck into a lake .
A black dog jumping off a dock into water .
A black dog jumps into the water off a dock .
A black dog jumps off of a pier into a lake .
The dog is leaping into the pond .
One climber is sitting on the rock overlooking the ocean whilst another climber is on her way up .
Two people are on a rock overlooking the ocean
Two people climb a rock overhanging water .
Two people climb rocks over some water .
Two people rock climbing near water .
A few people standing on top of a mountain taking pictures .
a group of people peering over the edge of a large rocky mountain
Several people on top of a mountain look down at the ground .
The mountain are light tan in color .
Three people sitting on a cliff .
A formation on a big field with people wearing red , white and blue
Many people in formation on a field .
Marching bands in formation on a field .
The crowd stood in many different lines in the open field .
The group of people make single file lines on the field .
People stand on a street corner at dusk , with a pharmacy in the background .
People stand outside of the Rite Aid pharmacy on Broadway .
People waiting to cross the street in front of a pharmacy with lit up sign .
Some people look to cross the street in front of a drug store .
This is a picture of a Broadway Rite Aid Pharmacy that has a bright neon sign and people are prepared to cross the street in front of it .
A couple walking alongside a waterfront next to a city .
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk beside the beach .
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach .
People walking down trail beside water
The man in shorts and the woman with a dress are walking on the beachfront path .
Two girls in karate uniforms struggle in a dojo .
Two little girls are dressed in white karate uniforms .
Two little girls practice martial arts .
Two little girls spar in a Karate bout .
Two young girls sparring in white martial arts outfits while a third person watches from the side .
A girl with a nose ring , earring , and Mohawk .
A person with spiky hair looks to the left .
A profile of a young person with a punk hairstyle and pierced ear and nose in a cowboy shirt .
A young person with a Mohawk and a nose piercing in a plaid shirt .
The person is posing in a red flannel shirt with a Mohawk .
A person in a red striped hooded sweatshirt and jeans shorts walking on a grassy hill .
A person wearing a striped shirt is walking on a hill .
A woman in a striped sweater is standing on a hill .
A woman walking across a hill with dark clouds in the background .
One person with a pink and black striped shirt and white shorts walking up a hill .
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool .
A little boy in red trunks plays in a kiddie pool .
A little boy is jumping into an outdoor kiddie pool
A little boy jumps into a child 's pool in a backyard .
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit jumps into a blue kiddie pool .
A boy is sitting in a car seat in the backseat of a car .
A boy making a face while sitting in his car seat
A boy sitting in a car making a surprised face
A young boy is buckled into a car seat making a silly face .
The young boy with a silly face is buckled in a car seat .
A blond girl in a green dress and elaborate gold necklace stands in front of a few women and a man .
A few people with a girl standing up in the center wearing a green dress
A girl is wear a green dress .
blonde girl wearing green dress standing
Woman in green dress being observed
A brown and white dog on a trampoline with a forest in the background .
a brown and white dog with a red collar getting on a trampoline
A dog gets on a trampoline .
dog with a red collar on a trampoline
The brown and white dog is standing on a trampoline with its tongue hanging out .
A woman is walking away on a wooden walkway through a field of golden plants .
A woman walking over a bridge with tall grass on either side of her .
A woman walks along a boardwalk
A woman with dark hair walks through a grassy field on a path with wooden handrails .
A young woman crosses a bridge through a field of tall grass .
a brown puppy is gnawing in a metallic post that is stuck into the ground .
A dog is chewing on a metal pole .
A puppy mouthing a pole on the ground .
Brown dog chewing on a brown walking cane .
Brown puppy biting pole
A ban in a grey swaetshirt picks out greens in a supermarket .
A man is taking a look at the food products .
A man looking at produce .
A man shopping for fresh lettuce in a market
An older man examines produce .
A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide .
A little girl in a white top is inside a concrete tube .
A little girl is sliding down a tunnel smiling .
A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day .
A young girl in inside a tunnel .
A bull stands in a field , next to a red car .
A red car is parked next to a black bull in a grassy field .
A red car parked next to a cow in a field .
Large black animal is as large as small red car
There is a small red car with a black bull standing beside it in the middle of a field .
A dog runs along a forest lane .
A pale dog is running along a dirt path .
A shaggy dog runs down a dirt trail in a lush forest .
A white and brown shaggy dog is running down a dirt path in a park .
The curly haired white dog is running down a wooded path .
three females wearing head scarves standing together
Three Muslim women are looking at a camera .
Three women in dresses and head scarves outside .
Three women in head scarves examine a camera .
Three women with head scarves and long skirts .
A boy jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket
A boy wearing jeans leaps in the air and shows his shadow below .
A child jumping on a tennis court .
The boy is jumping in the air .
Where is the rest of his racket ?
A man in black shorts is jumping off planks of wood .
A man is diving off logs while wearing all black gear .
A man jumping off of some logs .
A man jumps off a wooden structure .
A man with a black shirt jumps from a wooden plank on a cloudy day .
A group of men are standing around during a sports game in a park .
Men in the park .
Men playing soccer in a field
Men standing on a grass field with trees in the background .
Nine men are playing a game in the park , shirts versus skins .
A bicyclist doing a trick on a ramp .
A cyclist is performing a jump on a graffiti covered ramp .
a large graffitied skateboarding ramp with a couple people in the background
Person in the midst of a ramp jump .
The boy is performing a trick off a ramp with a skateboard .
A brown dog possessively grabs a purple Frisbee in a field .
A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee in a field of grass .
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog in a field with a Frisbee .
The dog is concerned with a purple object lying in an uncut field .
A boy with a toy gun .
A little boy in orange shorts playing with a toy .
A young boy with his foot outstretched aims a toy at the camera in front of a fireplace .
A young child plays with his new light-up toy .
Boy with toy gun pointed at the camera .
A young boy in a paper crown is sitting in a shopping basket .
A young boy is wearing a paper crown while sitting in a grocery cart .
Boy with a red crown in a shopping cart .
Dark haired child wearing jacket and paper crown while sitting in shopping cart .
Kid wearing a paper crown sitting in a shopping cart .
a froup of sled dogs pulling a man wearing an orange vest .
A three dog sled team pulls an unusual tricycle sled .
Several dogs carry a man with a helmet through snow .
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike , through the snow .
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow .
A child in an orange shirt with a book .
A young asian boy in a orange long-sleeved t-shirt holds a magazine .
A young boy is holding a book .
The boy wearing an orange sweater is carrying a book .
There is a child wearing an orange shirt and hold an orange book .
A small white dog is running through the dirt right on the outside of a patch of grass where two people and another small black dog are playing .
A small white dog runs .
A white dog is running on gravel away from two people and a black and brown dog .
White dog outside with two people in background .
White fluffy dog running in the dirt .
A green fish is jumping out of water .
A large fish breaching the water 's surface .
A large green and blue fish leaps from the water .
a large green fish jumps out of the water .
The large green fish is jumping out of the water .
A tan dog and a cream colored dog run through grasslands .
A white dog and a brown dog running across a grassy field .
Two dogs bound across the grass .
two skinny dogs are running towards camera across a grassy field .
Two thin dogs are running fast through tall dry grass .
A break dancer spins on his head outside as onlookers watch the performance .
A man spinning on his head on a city sidewalk near a checkerboard mat .
A man stands on his head in front of a crowd .
Man standing on his head near a black and white pattern in the street .
Young man break dancing in the street .
A brown puppy is laying on its back in the grass .
A dog lays down in the long green grass .
A dog rolling in the grass .
a dog rolls in the grass .
A golden dog is laying on its back in the grass .
The dogs are running through the water
three black and white dogs running through a watery field .
Three dogs running through a puddle .
Three dogs run through a soggy field .
Three dogs run through water and grass .
A man and a woman wait to cross a street .
a man talks on his cellphone and another man rides a wheelchair .
A woman crosses the street near a man , who is on his cellphone .
A woman in a coat and a man in a tracksuit talking on a phone cross the street .
A woman tries to cross the road before a man on a red scooter .
A boy kicks through a pile of leaves .
A boy with blue shirt kicking off dead leaves from a pile of leaves .
A kid in a blue top leaps into a raked pile of leaves in front of trees .
A little boy in blue is running through a pile of brown leaves .
A young boy standing with a raised leg in a large pile of leaves .
A city street has three people walking in different directions .
A man stands by a building while others are nearby .
Men walk down a street with skyscrapers in the background .
The buildings are brown and the sky is blue .
Three men on a city street with the shot taken up and out toward the buildings .
A boy in an open Hawaiian shirt is making the Longhorns symbol with his hand .
A boy wearing a flowered shirt raises his arm and jumps .
A child in Hawaiian clothing jumps and poses in a low cut yard nearby a fence and building .
A child jumping in the air with his or her shirt flying open .
The boy with his shirt undone is stretching his arm in the air .
A girl in a blue and white uniform tags someone in a black and red uniform .
A girl is catching a baseball before an opponent touches base .
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in her mitt .
Girl in blue tries to get a base runner number 11 out during softball game .
Two people playing ball on a field .
A smiling group posing together .
Four people pose upclose for the camera .
The young adults take a group shot of themselves .
Two men and two women taking a self-portrait
two women and two men are posing for a self held camera photograph .
A cross-country skier has left a trail behind him as he makes his way through the snow .
a lone skier walking cross a snowy bank with trees in the background
A man is hiking on a snow-covered trail .
A man is skiing down a snowy hill while he casts a long shadow .
The skier moves down the hill on a beautiful day .
Three dogs are playing in the white snow .
Three dogs , one holding a red Frisbee , standing in snow .
Three dogs playing with a Frisbee in the snow .
Three dogs playing with a toy in the snow .
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field .
A large grey and white water bird .
A large white bird flies over water .
A white birds lands swiftly in the water .
bird is taking off out of the water
Large white crane is flying low near the water .
A blonde boy wearing a blue life vest and camo shorts jumps off a diveboard into a blue lake .
A boy diving backward off a pier in a large lake .
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps into the water .
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps off a board into the lake .
A boy is holding his nose and jumping off a diving board backwards into a lake .
Two girls dressed in costume with purple flowers in their hair strike a pose for the camera .
Two showgirls are posing together .
two woman are showing different facial expressions and wearing gold and purple costumes .
Two women in purple and gold dance outfits are posing .
Two women in sparkling bikinis are posing
A man jet boarding .
A parasurfer is airborne over the water .
A wakeboarder is attempting a trick while holding on to lines pointed upward .
A wakeboarder is jumping a huge wave .
person on a wakeboard in the air
A dog , wearing a number 8 , running in a race .
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack .
A greyhound runs in a race , bee striped jacket , number eight .
Grey dog with muzzle and with the # 8 yellow striped identification is running .
Racedog has the number 8 .
A lady holds a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles .
A woman is holding a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles .
A woman with holding a young girl playing with bubbles at a picnic .
A young woman in a blue shirt stands , holding a young girl in a denim dress .
There is a woman holding her baby daughter while the daughter claps .
A cricket batter , dressed all in white , makes a hit
A man , dressed in white and wearing a red cap , plays on the grass .
A man in a rugby uniform hitting a ball in a grassy field .
A man playing cricket
Cricket player with red cap hits the ball outdoors .
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone .
A woman in a low cut shirt takes a picture with her cellphone .
A woman in a red shirt holding a cellphone .
A woman taking pictures with her phone .
The girl in sunglasses holds up her phone to take a picture of something .
A naked baby and toddler are playing with red fingerpaints .
A naked baby and toddler on the floor covered in paint , the toddler putting her hands on the baby 's head .
A naked baby and toddler smear each other in paint .
A naked toddler is covering a naked baby with paint .
Two naked young children smear each other with red paint .
A snowboarder sits on a slope with skiers and boarders nearby .
A snowboarder takes a rest on the mountainside .
Snowboarders sitting in the snow while skiers take the hill .
The snowboarder is sitting down .
Two skiers stand , two sit on slopes .
A dog and a cow are on a rocky slope .
A dog and a cow are standing on a hillside .
A white dog looks at a nervous cow in a mountain setting .
A white dog stands in front of a cow that has its head down and horns directed at the dog .
Two dogs are in a grassy area .
A black and white dog catches flying discs thrown by a man .
a black a white dog catching Frisbees thrown by a man in a white shirt
A dog jumps for a Frisbee at the Purina Incredible Dog Challenge .
A man is throwing freesbies into the air and the border collie is catching them in the air .
Man in white shirt tossing Frisbee for black and white dog who has a white Frisbee in its mouth .
A blue jeep sits in the middle of a stream running through a forested area .
A blue Land Rover is driving across a river .
A blue SUV drives in a stream surrounded by woodlands .
A blue SUV driving over a small creek .
The vehicle is crossing a stream of water , in a wooded area .
A dog is jumping up at a man wearing a search and rescue jacket .
A large , black dog is practicing attacking a culprit on a uniformed man .
A man in a uniform playing with a black dog .
A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting .
Man in blue padded suit training a black dog for search and rescue in a field .
A black dog in the middle of running or leaping .
A black dog is running quickly along the ground .
A rottweiler running .
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow .
There is a black and tan dog bounding through the air .
There are two women tanning in bikinis .
Two people sunbathe beside water .
Two women are laying on a concrete structure beside the ocean .
Two women sunbathe by the water .
Two women sunbathe on a concrete terrace .
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track .
A light brown dog runs happily by a green fence .
Orange dog runs on dirt beside green fence .
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt .
A boy playing basketball in a gym
A young boy holding a basketball about to shoot .
A young boy , playing basketball , is getting ready to take a shot .
The boy in the white jersey is dribbling the orange Wizards basketball .
The little boy in the red shorts is going to shoot a basket .
Three girls are posing for a picture beside a dresser in front of a decorated Christmas tree .
Three women are posing for a photo in front of a christmas tree
Three women are posing together in front of a Christmas tree .
Three women one of which is holding a paper cup posing in front of a Christmas tree .
Three women standing next to each other are smiling in front of a Christmas tree .
A dirt biker pushes his motorcycle up a rock while another rider watches .
A man in red on a dirt bike struggles up a rock while another man in red watches .
A man in red pushes his motocross bike up a rock .
A man is looking on as another man attempts to climb a small boulder with his dirt bike .
A red-clad man rides a bike through rocky ground while another man looks on
A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee and casts a perfect shadow .
A dog jumps and catches a Frisbee in the grass .
A dog jumps and catches a toy .
A white dog leaps to catch an object .
A yellow lab jumping up to catch a toy .
A large man sits in the back of a canoe with another man in front on a river .
two man are paddling a kayak along a river with green trees on either side .
Two men in a small boat rowing down a river .
Two men paddling a canoe down a narrow stream .
Two paddlers propel a canoe down a tree-lined stream .
A man does a handstand in the sand .
A man doing a handstand in shallow water on the beach .
A man is performing a handstand on the beach .
A topless male does a handstand on a beach .
The male is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach .
A group of people are watching fireworks outside .
A group of people gathered to watch fireworks .
A small crowd in winter jackets stand in a snow field , looking at fireworks .
A small crowd stands watching a fireworks display .
People watch as something lights up the sky .
A lady and a man with no shirt sit on a dock .
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together .
A man and a woman sitting on a dock .
A man and woman sitting on a deck next to a lake .
A shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt is sitting at the table and drinking a milkshake
A small young girl in a pink shirt drinking a large chocolate milkshake .
A young girl dressed in pink with a hair barrette pursing her lips at a big chocolate milkshake .
A young girl is staring at a large milkshake in a glass .
A young girl looks excitedly at a large milkshake .
A girl in blue is jumping on the shore as small waves approach her .
A girl leaps into the air while standing by the ocean .
A young , long-haired , girl on the beach , is jumping in the air .
The girl is running into the ocean from the shore .
The girls is jumping into the air on the beach .
Girls dance in colorful outfits .
The girls , standing in a spotlight , are dressed in multi-colored outfits .
Three girls in colorful outfits are dancing under a stage light .
Three young girls in bright colored clothing are performing in a play .
Women in multi-colored outfits are performing on a low light stage .
A boy points .
A boy points at something while a man looks .
A boy smiles at points at something ; a man looks to the side .
A little boy smiles and points while a man looks in the direction of the child 's gaze .
The man in the blue shirt is looking in the direction to which the little boy is pointing .
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the yard .
A black and white dog is trying to catch a Frisbee in the air .
A dog jumps to catch a red Frisbee in the yard .
Dog is jumping up on a very green lawn to catch a Frisbee .
The black and white dog tries to catch a red Frisbee on green grass .
A dog leaps out of the water .
a small dog jumping threw some a lake
A tan dog jumps into water .
A white dog is splashing through the water .
Dog jumping out of water in a lake .
A boy looks suspiciously at someone nearby .
A group of people sit on pavement wearing dark shoes and warm clothes .
A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row .
A row of people sitting on the ground wearing matching heeled boots .
The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk .
A black man and a large , golden dog are on the beach .
A black man and his dog on the beach .
A man kneels in the wet sand at a beach near a dog .
A man playing with his brown dog on the beach .
Man and dog standing on the beach .
A child on a red slide .
A little boy sits on a slide on the playground .
A little boy slides down a bright red corkscrew slide .
A little boy slides down a red slide .
a young boy wearing a blue outfit sliding down a red slide .
A black and tan dog rolls on his back in a field .
A black dog rolling in the green grass .
A dog rolls on his back .
A dog rolls on his back in the grass .
A dog with paws in the air lying on grass
A black dog and a golden dog approaching one another
A black dog and tan dog run towards each other on a beach .
a black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach .
Two dogs playing on a rocky beach .
Two dogs running on the sand .
A brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills .
Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .
Two dogs in motion in a grassy field with small trees .
Two dogs play in a field .
Two dogs running through a field .
A boy doing a handstand on the beach .
A child does a handstand on the sand at the beach .
A child doing a handstand on the beach .
A little boy does a cartwheel on the beach .
A little boy doing a handstand on the beach .
A black and white dog jumping for a ball .
A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .
A white and black dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a tennis ball .
A white and black dog is playing with a tennis ball near flowers .
There is a white and black dog jumping off the ground trying to catch a ball .
A dog coming out of a large yellow tube .
A little brown and white dog emerges from a yellow collapsable toy tunnel onto the lawn .
A small dog in front of a yellow tube on grass .
A small white dog walks through a yellow tube .
A white dog emerges from a yellow tube on an obstacle course .
A boy poses in karate form and uniform .
A small child in a karate uniform is punching .
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym .
A young boy practicing martial arts .
The young child is standing in a martial arts pose .
A group of men hold up a man to get a rugby ball .
A soccer team is holding up on player in victory .
rugby match
The team of soccer players is competing while wearing red , white , and green .
Two opposing players are in the air during a rugby match .
A guy on a snowboard grinding .
A snowboarder is attempting a trick down an outside railing .
Person in gray jacket and blue pants balancing board on handrail
The snowboarder is grinding on a silver rail in the nighttime snow .
The snow borader is riding a rail .
A dog jumping up to touch a woman 's hand .
a dog jumps to an elderly woman .
An airborne dog on a leash with a woman .
The small dog is leaping in the air toward the woman 's hand .
The woman in the blue sweater encourages the dog to jump in the air .
People sit near a fire outside .
Two men are sitting by a campfire .
Two people are sitting next to a wood-stacked campfire at night .
Two people sit around a large fire .
two people sitting in the dark near a blazing fire .
A loan runner participates in a race in the rain .
A woman in a red vest jogs down the street in a heavy rain .
A woman runner in red is getting drenched in the rain .
A woman wearing a red vest runs a race through the rain .
Woman jogging in the rain .
A black dog chases birds on the shoreline
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean .
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean .
Black dog running behind three birds on shore with waves in the background .
There is a dog running along the beach .
A girl is getting ready to swing the club .
A woman in shorts and a blue sleeveless shirt leans over a golf club .
A woman is taking a swing with a golf club .
A woman wearing a blue shirt and hat with khaki shorts plays golf .
A woman wearing blue begins a golf swing .
A boy in a red jacket smacks a snow covered tree with a stick .
A child stands underneath a snow-covered tree .
A little boy shakes the snow off of a tree .
A person in a red jacket stands under a snow-covered tree .
Child standing in a snowy landscape pulling down a snow-covered tree branch .
A dirt biker aggitates dirt on a four wheeler .
A man is riding a four wheeler through some dirt .
A person drives an ATV through mud .
A person on an all-terrain vehicle , sending up clouds of dust .
A quad sends dirt flying into the air .
A large man in a leather costume plays a big drum beside a little boy playing a little drum .
A man and a little boy beating drums .
A man plays a drum and a little boy hits his own , little drum .
The man with the big drum is marching next to a boy with a small drum .
The small child bangs his drum whil looking at an older man doing the same .
A man sleeping with a bag on his lap on public transportation
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation .
An asian man in a suit on the subway , asleep .
A tired business man takes a quick nap while riding the train .
A young man in a suit and tie leans against a railing to take a nap on public transit .
A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open accross a field .
A brown and white dog running in a field covered in yellow flowers .
A dog running toward the camera in a field .
A while dog with a spot on his eye running through a meadow .
A white dog with a brown patch over his eye runs through a grassy field covered in dandelions .
A girl making a sad face standing in front of her tricycle
A little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
A little girl with mud on her face cries .
A young girl with dirt on her face and a red child 's bike is in the background .
The girl in a pink top is standing next to a red tricycle looking like she is about to cry .
A woman in a pink hat and a navy blue coat riding a bicycle .
a woman wearing a pink cap riding a bicycle
A woman wearing black clothes , a purple scarf , and a pink hat is riding a bike .
a woman with glasses and a pink hat rides her bike .
The woman is wearing a pink hat and is riding a bike in the park .
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains .
A person skis with their dog .
A woman cross-country skiing , with a brown dog .
a woman skiing down a snowy mountain with a brown dog on a lesh running with her
The brown dog pulls a skier across snow-covered ground .
A kid walks on a snowy hill with their arms out .
a little boy plays in the snow .
A toddler in a red jacket is balancing on top of snow .
A young child wearing orange balances on a snowy ledge .
The little boy in black and orange walks through the snow .
A man in a yellow jacket standing on a rock in front of mountains .
A man is standing on a rock in front of a mountainous area .
A man on top of a high mountain
A man standing on the ledge of a mountain with mountains a blue skies in the background .
A man wearing a yellow coat stands at the peak of a mountain .
A boat containing people is suspended by a cable .
A boat suspended by a cable over the water .
A raft hanging from a rope over the ocean .
A small group of people are in a small red boat and it is in the air over the ocean .
The boat with passengers gets lifted out of the water by a large cable .
A large dog sniffing a smaller dog outside .
Two blond dogs are standing together on a patio .
Two dogs are standing together on a patio .
Two golden dogs are standing on a wooden patio .
Two golden dogs on a wood deck .
A man with a baseball cap and shiny sunglasses looks down while another bald man looks down .
Man in denim cap and sunglasses amid a crowd .
Man in denim hat wearing dark sunglasses .
Two men in sunglasses look at something in front of them .
Two men wearing sunglasses .
a boy on skateboard is making a jump from a blue bench beside a white wall .
A boy skateboarding in an urban area
A skateboarder midair with his skateboard .
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
The boy is skateboarding on the bench by the fence .
A group of dogs , chickens and a turkey stand by a bucket .
Five white puppies and several chickens compete for food
Many white puppies are eating food near several brown roosters .
Puppies , chickens and a turkey examining bucket contents on dirt .
Some chicken , dogs , and a turkey are trying to get some food out of a white bucket .
A person rides the waves on a surfboard .
A person surfing .
A surfer is riding a wave .
A surfer riding a large wave
A surfer riding a surfboard in rough seas .
A man sits on a bench on a San Diego street .
A man wearing a coat and had sitting on a bench in the city .
A man wearing an orange cap sits on a white bench beside a blue trashcan .
Man hunched on gray bench marked SAN DIEGO , neat blue trashcan .
Man sitting on a bench on the sidewalk .
a boy in a white shirt and green helmet is riding a skateboard down some steps .
a child in a helmet and gloves on a skateboard is airborne
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard .
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard .
The boy does a skateboard trick .
A black animal and a white animal in motion in close quarters .
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street .
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together .
A black , shaggy haired dog is playing with a brown and white , fluffy dog on the gravel .
Two dogs are playing together on the pavement .
A dark man in a white and green feathered mask with green jewelry and pants .
A man in a costume participates in a parade .
A man in a green and silver Mardi Gras costume in a parade .
A man is wearing a mask , green beads and green pants .
Man dresses up in Hawaiian garb at a local parade .
A cyclist sits on some steps with his bike .
A helmeted man sits on steps with graffiti on them , and a bike nearby .
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike .
A man with his bike amid a demolished building .
Man with a bike sitting next to rubble .
A boy skateboarding
A man jumps off an orange ramp with his skateboard .
a skateboarder ollies off a ramp .
Person doing a skateboard stunt
The man in the background is watching the skateboarder complete a jump .
One man in red shirt and black pants with a man in white shirt and tan shorts , golfing .
Tree in the foreground , two men playing golf in the background .
Two golfers are standing on the fairway looking off into the distance .
Two golfers look off into the distance with hands blocking the sun .
Two men looking into the distance on a golf course .
A car is driven on a dusty track .
A race car kicks up dust as it speeds down a gravel racetrack .
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack .
a red and white rally car throws up dust behind it as drives away down the trail .
The car leaves a dust trail as it goes around the dirt track .
A boxer is being examined in his corner by a member of his support team .
A boxer with a red helmet has water sprayed into his mouth by his coach in the boxing ring .
A man in a red helmet has water squirted in his mouth by another man in a boxing ring .
A trainer giving water to a boxer in the corner .
Man spraying water into boxer 's mouth .
Two ladies next to a stroller inside a building .
Two woman stand near a stroller in a dark building .
Two women with a baby carriage in a building next to a table and chairs .
Two women with a baby stroller in a fancy restaurant .
Two women with strollers standing next to a table and chair .
A girl dressed in a red dress and another girl dressed as a pirate are playing around .
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose .
two girls dress up for halloween .
Two girls in red costumes play together .
Two little girls in red and black costumes are posing for a picture .
A boy in a dusty alley playing stickball .
A boy swings a piece of wood .
A child swings a bat next to a stone wall .
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat .
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street .
A dog running through the snow with what appears to be a chunk of wood in its mouth .
A white dog carries something in its mouth through the snow .
A white dog in the snow running with an object in its mouth
A white dog runs over a snowy field or lawn , with a log in his jaws .
A white dog with a purple necklace on plays in the snow .
A kayak on the river is passing by a wire bridge that joins both banks .
Some people ride their kayaks down the river .
two conoes float down the river .
Two groups are canoeing on a river overlooking a mountain .
Two people rafting down a river , a footbridge in the background .
A holder and kicker for a football team dressed in orange , white and black play while onlookers behind them watch .
A kicker launches the football forward while the holder checks his fingers .
The football player wearing a white helmet and orange chairs swing his leg while the player next to him kneels .
Two football player are in the kick off position in front of a crowd .
Two young men on the same football team are wearing orange and white uniforms and playing on an outside field while coaches and other players watch .
A bride and groom jump towards each other with arms outstretched .
A groom leaps off of a stone wall and into his wife 's arms .
A man in a suit leaps toward his bride .
A man in a tuxedo jumps toward a woman in a wedding dress .
A man in wetsuit jumps towards a wet bride .
A group of men in a yellow boat with their dogs .
The men shake hands while another man and dogs look on .
The three men and three dogs floated in the yellow boat .
Three men in team uniforms are surrounding a yellow dog in a boat .
two men huddle around a dog .
A man dressed in brown holding a light saber .
a man wearing a black outfit holding on to a glowing sword .
Man dressed up in black and brown and holding a white light saber .
The man holds a light Sabre .
The man is playing with his Star Wars light sword .
A child in an orange shirt holding a baseball bat watches the ball thrown at him .
A little league game in action .
A young boy is getting ready to hit a baseball .
a young man wearing a yellow shirt and baseball helemt swinging a bat
Boy in yellow shirt getting ready to hit orange ball with baseball bat
A girl is climbing a rock while someone is filming her .
A little girl is climbing up a rock as her mom 's shadow is casting over the rock .
A small child climbs a large rock while someone casting a shadow takes her picture .
A young girl is rock climbing .
The long black shadow casts a image on the rock while the young girl climbs the rock .
A girl in pink polka dots looks at a horse .
A girl is hanging on the fence watching a horse .
A little girl stands on the fence while peeking through it to look at the horse .
A young girl clings to a fence ant watches the horse on the other side .
A young girl dressed all in pink is standing on a fence and looking at a horse .
A child is waiting on the beach holding a boogie board .
A girl looks out into the ocean as she stands on the sand with her yellow boogie board .
A young girl holding a boogie board at the beach
A young girl standing on the beach with her body board looks out on the ocean .
A young woman holding a surfboard contemplates the ocean .
A boy in a green shirt above something blue .
a small boy getting tossed into the air
A young boy jumps around on a blue mat with a half-smile on his face .
A young boy plays in front of a blue object .
The boy wearing the green shirt is climbing on a blue inflatable .
Two dogs are fighting over something .
two dogs doing a tug of war on a black object
Two dogs fight over a stick on a grassy field , a lake in the background .
Two dogs meeting near the water 's edge
Two dogs , one tan and one black , play tug-o-war on the grass near the pond .
A woman playing an acoustic guitar with a microphone
A woman singing and playing the acoustic guitar onstage .
A woman sings into a microphone while playing guitar .
A young brown haired woman plays her guitar and sings into a microphone .
A young woman plays guitar and sings on a stage .
A hiker in a red on a snowy peak .
A person in a red jacket and a red hardhat stands near a mountain .
A person wearing a red jacket and helmet walks up near the large rock .
A woman wearing a red work man 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains .
The person wearing the red hardhat is on the mountain .
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball .
Two children are playing with a soccer ball on grass .
Two children playing with a ball on the grass .
Two children play soccer in the park .
Two little boys are playing outside with their soccer ball on the green grass .
A boy with his hands above his head stands on a cement pillar above the cobblestones .
A child in colorful shorts is standing on a post in the street .
A small boy stands on a cement stump in a park with his hands on his head .
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump .
Small child in white shirt and print shorts with hands over their head standing on object .
A couple in a restaurant are holding hands .
A couple holding hands across a table .
A couple is sitting in a restaurant holding hands .
A dimly lit room with several individuals including a young man and woman holding hands across a table .
A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands .
A brown dog leaps into the water .
A dog leaping off a boat
A dog wearing a collar jumping from a platform .
a grey and brown dog jumps off a dock into a lake
A light brown dog with his tail in the air jumps of a pontoon toward the water .
A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster .
A man is lighting a smoke outside of a building .
a man lighting a cigarette near a dumpster in an ally .
A man lights a cigarette on a loading dock near a dumpster .
The man is lighting a cigarette outside the back of a building .
A crowd waits outside a subway train , ready to board .
People standing in front of a subway train .
People trackside at a subway station by a train .
People wait as the subway pulls into a subway station
several people waiting to get on a train
A man repels down a cliff over water .
A mountain climber hangs from a cliff above the ocean .
A person descends a rope from a cliff into the ocean .
A person is climbing a cliff wall , over a rocky shore , using a rope .
The man is climbing up the rock .
A dog is trotting through a shallow stream
A light colored dog is walking through a stream .
A male weimaraner with a clipped tail is walking through a river .
a tan dog walking along in a stream
The brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes .
A cop stands in front of a car on a busy street .
A man walks in the city .
An officer stands next to a car on a city street .
A policeman stands in front of an SUV .
A police officer is lighting a cigarette .
A child wearing swim goggles .
A small child wears goggles near a pool .
A young child is wearing blue goggles and sitting in a float in a pool .
A young child wearing blue goggles sits on a raft in a swimming pool .
The little child is wearing blue goggles .
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street .
A man wearing a beret rides his bicycle on a recreation trail .
an old man , with a grey beard , riding his bike
Closeup of a man cycling down a road lined with boulders .
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
A girl is reading while drinking Starbuck 's coffee .
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop .
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
A woman in a hat sits reading and drinking a coffee .
A young woman sips a coffee and reads a book .
a black , brown and white dog is running beside a green fence in a grassy garden .
A dog is galloping through the grass .
A dog runs through a lush , green lawn .
A tri-colored dog is running on the green grass .
Dog running through grass in fenced in area .
A big black dog carries a blue ball while two Corgis run at his side .
A black doberman , a brown and white corgi and a black , brown and white corgi play with a blue ball on the grass .
Three dogs , one of whom has a blue ball .
Three dogs on grass , one with a blue ball in its mouth .
Three dogs playing with a blue ball .
a person doing the backstroke in a swimming pool
A person swimming in a swimming pool .
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool .
Swimmer does backstroke in swimming lane .
The arm of a swimmer rises from the water inside the striped lane marker .
a dog is stepping out into the water towards the sun 's reflection .
A dog is wading in the water .
A dog wading into the water
A dog walking through the pound .
The dog is walking out into the water and the sun is casting a reflection off of the water .
Four children on stools in a diner .
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar .
Four small children sit on tall stools at a restaurant bar .
Four young children sitting on large bar stools next to a counter .
Four young kids are sitting on large stools at a bar waiting for drinks
A man in a black hoodie and jeans skateboards down a railing .
A man skateboards down a steep railing next to some steps .
a person is sliding down a brick rail on a snowboard .
A person walks down the brick railing near a set of steps .
A snowboarder rides down a handrail without snow .
A little boy is holding a skinny baseball bat while standing between two rows of blue seats .
A small boy dressed in a black sweatshirt with a logo on it , holds a red bat in front of blue stadium seats .
A young boy in a team sweatshirt is in a sports stadium near blue seats swinging a red bat .
A young boy practices his bat swing while in the stands with blue seats .
The boy wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is holding a red baseball bat .
A large brown dog and a large black and white dog running together
Two dogs are running in a grassy field .
Two dogs , one brown and white and one black and white , run on a field .
Two dogs run and bark outdoors , one white and brown , one white and black .
Two lean dogs , one brown and white and one black and white , run together .
a boy and a woman walk into the ocean .
A toppless woman holds hr naked child 's hand while they stand in the ocean waves .
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean .
A woman holds a baby 's hand and walks in the water .
A woman in bikini bottoms stands in the surf holding the hand of a naked baby .
a man dressed as an Indian , speaking into a microphone
A native american stands at a microphone ready to play his instrument .
An Indian chief in full dress .
Indian wearing headgear speaks
The man dressed liked an indian wearing feathers is standing in front of the microphone .
A man in red swim trunks is jumping onto a bodyboard .
A man in red trunks flies through the air with a boogie board .
A man with a wake-board is diving over a surface that is not water .
A shirtless man bodysurfs .
Man is diving onto his wakeboard .
A group of friends play in a lake .
Five people are in a natural water source .
many children play in the water .
People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .
Several people are playing outside in the water .
A child dressed for the cold sits in the snow .
a child in red sits in the snow .
A little girl in a red snowsuit sits on a snowball in a backyard .
little kid in red snowsuit with hello kitty mittens
The small girl in the Hello Kitty gloves and red snowsuit smiles while sitting on a large snowball .
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow .
A snowboarder is in midair doing a trick .
somebody in the air on a board
Someone on a rooftop jumping on some sort of a board caught in midair .
There is a person on a snowboard up high in the air .
An extremely wet woman is wading in front of a waterfall .
A woman dressed in shorts and a t-shirt walking in shallow water in front of a waterfall .
A woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall .
The lady is walking through the water .
Wet woman walking through water near a large waterfall .
A man in a blue pinstriped suit is reading a newspaper while smoking a cigar
A man in a blue suit reads the paper while smoking next to a marble building .
A man is standing up , reading a newspaper , and smoking a cigar .
A man smoking a cigar reading a paper in a city
A man standing by a building corner and reading a newspaper .
A man dives into a clear blue lake .
A man in black bathing trunks dives into water .
A man in black shorts is diving into a rocky pool .
A man in black swim trunks diving into the water
A person is diving into clear blue water .
A brown and white dog is standing in shallow water on a beach near a large rock outcrop .
A brown and white dog on the beach .
A dog standing on a beach .
A dog stands on the beach with a large rock behind him .
An unusual looking dog is standing in front of a beautiful backdrop .
A dog with a blue ball running in a field .
a small tan dog running on the grass with a ball in his mouth
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth .
small dog running in the grass with a toy in its mouth
The dog is running with a colorful ball .
A city street with two ladies that have shopping bags in their hands with a crowd behind them .
A woman in a hat holding a handbag smiles away from another woman wearing sunglasses and holding a shopping bag .
People are standing on the Hollywood walk of fame .
two older women walking down the busy street with shopping bags
Two women dressed in leather are standing on a city street .
A dog jumps up towards a woman in a car , while another dog is outside the car .
An orange dog and a little white dog with black spots are next to a white car .
A small black and white dog jumps at a woman in a white jeep while a golden dog follows beside them .
A small dog jumps by a car to reach a lady 's face while another dog watches .
White and black dog jumps at someone through car window .
A bunch of people on the beach at sunset .
Two people are walking towards a group of people on the beach at sunset .
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people .
Two people walking along the shore at sunset .
Two people walking on the beach at sunset .
A small white dog has on a leash and is walking next to a fence .
A white dog is walking down a dirt road .
A white dog runs along a path , trailing a leash .
A white dog with a loose leash is on a dirt road
A white puppy walks down a dirt path trailing his leash on the ground behind him .
Three women standing on a city street .
Three women walk down the street .
Two girls and a woman walking on the sidewalk
Two girls in bright green boots and a woman are together .
Two young ladies in green boots are walking through an urban area while an older lady wearing black shoes follows them .
a man talks to a boy .
An older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .
Two boys talking while wearing unique outfits .
Two males in period costume are having a conversation .
Two people sitting on benches and looking at each other .
A dirt biker in the forest .
A dirt biker rides his motocycle through the woods .
A motocross bike is being ridden along a woodland path .
A motorcyclist navigates a forest trail .
A person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees .
A boy and a girl are standing on the edge of a lake at sunset .
Two children are walking by a pond
Two figures are walking by a pond .
Two people are silhouetted against a lake reflecting a painted sky .
Two people silhouetted against a lake at sunset .
A dark-haired man wearing a brown shirt is free-climbing a grey stone wall .
a man holding on to a rock wall
A man scales a rock climbing wall .
A man struggles to climb a rock wall .
A man with glasses climbing a rock wall .
A fluffy white dog runs through the woods with his ears flapping in the breeze .
A small white dog is running across a grassy field .
A white dog runs in the grass ,
A white dog wearing a red harness runs though the woods .
The little white dog wearing the red collar is running in the grass .
a brown dog about to jump on a smaller black and tan dog
Large dog playing with smaller dog
Two dogs are playing together outside .
Two dogs playing in the grass with an adult nearby .
Two dogs playing with each other .
A black dog is running along the beach beside a brown dog in midair catching a stick in its mouth .
A black dog runs on the shore while a light brown dog jumps up to catch a stick .
A brown dog leaps into the air next to a black dog on a sandy bay .
On a beach , black and brown dog runs , brown dog jumps .
Two dogs are playing together
A boy standing on railing
A boy stands on a rail with his arms outstretched .
An in-line skater is attempting a trick in a long metal rail behind a large structure .
A skateboarder is riding a skateboard along a metal railing in front of a concrete building .
The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass .
A closeup of a young child wearing a pink bathing suit laying in shallow water at the beach .
A little girl smiles as she lays on her side in the water .
a smiling toddler in a pink swimsuit is laying in the water .
A young dark haired girl in a pink and white swimsuit smiles as she lies in three inch deep water .
Little girl in swimsuit lies on stomach in water , smiles at camera .
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks .
A man wearing flowered swimming trunks is standing near large mossy rocks .
A man wearing red shorts is holding onto the rocks beside the water .
Man in red shoes and red and white print shorts posing in front of rocks by water .
Man posing by a natural pool .
A dog catching a ball .
A dog jumping up in the air next to a white house .
A white dog is standing on its hind legs with a ball in its mouth .
A yellow dog stands on his hind legs .
Yellow dog stands on hind legs with ball in mouth , building in background .
A downhill skier in black catches a tiny bit of air
A man skis down a snowy hill .
A skier about to go down the mountain .
A skier is on a snow covered hill .
The skier is aiming downhill , overlooking a wooded area .
A bunch of guys in black play paintball .
a group of people wearing body Armour while fighting with paintball guns .
A paintball team shoots
Some people playing paintball .
Speed ball paintball team starting the first round .
A man in a Miami basketball uniform looking to the right
a man wears a orange jersey .
A Miami basketball player looks off in the distance .
The mans shirt is orange and has a United States flag patch on the shoulder .
The Miami basketball player is looking .
A girl poses with her head upside down .
A little girl hangs her head upside down .
A small girl is doing a handstand while smiling
A upside down girl 's face .
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
A skateboarder casts a shadow jumping down stairs .
A skateboarder flies off the stairs .
a skateboarder jumps a staircase .
A skateboarder performing a kickflip over short stairs .
Skateboarder jumping down a short flight of stairs in a dimly lit warehouse .
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean .
A surfer going through a wave .
A surfer in water and foam .
A surfer rides the crashing waves .
The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board .
A group of dark skinned children are sitting beside a red metal container .
A group of kids sitting against a large red dumpster .
a group of people sitting outside in the dirt on the ground .
A large group of people sitting near a shipping container .
Two sub Saharan African girls in purple dresses sit on the ground .
A group of people are rowing a boat in a contest .
A rowing team races forward in competition with the motivation of their leader in front of the boat .
Boat number 5 has several men with life jackets paddling the water .
People in orange vests are rowing with great effort .
Several people are rowing a boat while being cheered on by a person with a drum
A group of children are raising their hands in the air .
A group of kids singing and putting their hands in the air
Little kids stand together and raise their hands in the air .
Little kids with their hands in the air
Some children are raising their hands and clapping .
A boy eats with a spoon .
A little boy holds a spoon up to his mouth .
A little boy is eating his food off of a spoon while sitting on a patio .
A small child dressed in green is eating with a spoon .
A young child holds a spoon to its mouth while sitting in a chair .
A biker with a blue jacket , black pants , and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch .
A person on a bmx bike .
Person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier .
The biker in blue is going around a corner .
The motocross rider wearing blue and black pants .
A boy doing a handstand in a yellow shirt
A boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches .
A man is standing on his hands on a sidewalk while others watch .
A man is standing on his hands with lots of people around him .
A person doing a handstand in front of others .
A man boating along a river near the shore .
A man paddling a kayak along the shore of a river .
A person is riding in a canoe on a lake next to green trees .
A person is wading through a river near an eroded embankment .
A single person rowing a small boat on a lake .
A man is lying on the grass next to a shopping cart .
A person is lying on the green grass and there is a small cart next to them .
A person lies on the grass with a shopping cart nearby .
There is a shopping cart and a person laying on the ground in a green field of grass .
There is one person lying in a large , green field .
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall .
A man in a black hat stands in front of a red wall .
A man wearing all black and a black hat is smiling .
A man with a hat , glasses , jewelry and a jacket stands against an orange wall .
There is a man with glasses and a hat wearing a black suit jacket indoors .
A football player in blue and one in red play in a game .
A Sooners football player moves quickly on the field as another player runs .
The guy in the blue and white jersey is running , and the guy in the red and white jersey is falling .
The two players , on opposite teams , are in the middle of a football game , while others watch .
Two men play football .
a boy is playing with a camera whilst standing on a dirt track .
A child in a field .
a kid standing in the middle of a dirt road
A young child stands in a path in a field of sunflowers .
Small child with black hair standing in car track near sunflowers .
A golden retreiver standing outside in the snow with a person standing with skis and poles .
A man and a dog outside in a snow storm .
A person is standing on skis in the snow with a dog .
Person with skis and a dog are standing in the snow .
The man is skiing in the snow with a large brown dog .
a lone parasailer surfing in the ocean wearing a black swimsuit .
A man is kite surfing away from the camera .
A man is sky surfing on the water .
A man waterskis while attached to a parachute .
A waterskier cuts through the blue water with sailboats in the background .
A coach speaking to a football player while everyone watches .
A football player from OU talks to the coach about the game .
A football player is talking to his coach .
The coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members .
The coach talks it over with his quarterback during a timeout .
a brown and white dog is sniffing the snow covered ground .
A brown and white dog walking in the snow near a fence .
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow .
A lean white and brown dog makes its way through a patch of snow .
A slender dog checks out a snowy patch of land .
A boy wearing blue shorts is doing a back flip in the air under a tree .
A man in midair doing a flip .
a young man jumping a back flip off of a concrete wall .
Man with blue pants flipping in the air .
The boy wearing blue pants is in the midst of a back flip .
A baseball player attempts to catch a ball while another runs towards the base .
A baseball player catches the ball while the batter reaches the base .
A baseman tries to catch a ball while a runner tries to make the base in a community game .
An umpire in a baseball game crouches to catch a ball while an opposing team member runs to homebase .
Two children are playing baseball
A little tan dog with large ears running through the grass .
A playful dog is running through the grass .
A small dogs ears stick up as it runs in the grass .
The small dog is running across the lawn .
this is a small beige dog running through a grassy field
a large woman puts her sunglasses on .
A woman in a black dress holding sunglasses .
a woman wearing a black and white outfit while holding her sunglasses .
The lady is holding her glasses .
The woman with blond hair holds her sunglasses .
A boy in a red suit plays in the water .
A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water to join two people .
A boy takes a flying leap into the water .
The boy in the red shorts jumps into the water to join other people .
The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river as other children swim .
A basketball player performing a lay-up .
A boy in a blue basketball uniform , number 13 and a boy in a white basketball uniform , number 23 jump for the ball .
A man in a white uniform jumps while holding a basketball as another in blue blocks him .
Basketball player wearing a white , number 23 jersey jumps up with the ball while guarded by number 13 on the opposite team .
The man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue .
A man who has a gray beard and gray hair laughs while wearing a purple shirt .
A man with a bushy beard and pink shirt is smiling .
A man with disheveled hair and facial hair in a crowd of people is smiling .
A man with poofy gray hair laughing
An old man with white long hair and a white long beard .
A big dog stands on his hand leg as tennis balls are thrown his direction .
A brown and white dog in front of a shed overwhelmed by the onslaught of tennis balls .
A brown and white dogs stands in front of a wooden building while tennis balls fly through the air .
A dog jumps for several tennis balls thrown at him .
A dog stands on his hind legs amid a shower of tennis balls .
