the boy laying face down on a skateboard is being pushed along the ground by another boy .
Two girls play on a skateboard in a courtyard .
Two people play on a long skateboard .
Two small children in red shirts playing on a skateboard .
two young children on a skateboard going across a sidewalk
a boy in a blue top is jumping off some rocks in the woods .
A boy jumps off a tan rock .
A boy jumps up in a field in the woods .
A young boy jumps off a rock in the forest
Child in blue and grey shirt jumping off hill in the woods
A lady walking her dog through an obstacle course , while other people are in the background .
A small tan and white dog and trainer running an obstacle course
A woman is guiding a brown dog around an obstacle course
A woman with a hat is leading a small dog through an obstacle course .
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course .
a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .
A dog looks at another dog catching a ball in the air
A white dog is watching a black dog jump on a lawn next to a pile of large rocks .
A white dog watching a black dog in the air .
Two dogs playing with a tennis ball in the yard .
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
Two women are climbing over rocks near to the ocean .
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean .
Two women in bathing suit on large rocks at the ocean .
Two women in bathing suits climb rock piles by the ocean .
a child is laying in a bubble bath holding a yellow scrubbing brush up to his mouth as if singing into a microphone .
A child sings into a loofa in the bathtub
A little boy is laying down in a bubble bath .
Boy in bubble bath , yelling or singing into scrubbing brush .
The child is surrounded by bubbles while in the bathtub .
A group of people are ice skating in a big city .
An ice skating park in winter , with many people .
An outdoor ice skating rink full of people .
People skate in an urban outdoor ice skating rink
People using an outdoor ice skating rink .
Four children are playing in a grassy field .
Four children are playing together outside .
Four children are running and playing tag .
Group of children play in rural area
Three boys and one girl in a muddy grass field .
a little baby skateboarding on a small concrete wall
A little boy skateboards on a cement ramp .
A young child wearing a blue helmet rides a skateboard over a ramp .
A young skateboarder on a ramp .
The little boy in the green jacket is riding a skateboard on a ramp .
An elderly middle-eastern woman is about to smoke a pack of cigarettes .
A middle Eastern woman wearing green is sitting on a stone step holding a box of cigarettes .
A woman in an orange scarf pulls a pack of cigarettes from a carton .
A woman wearing a long green dress and scarves on her head holding a pack of cigarettes and a carton of Winston cigarettes by a stone structure .
Woman with red headscarf and green dress holding cigarette carton and sitting on concrete steps .
A child gets squirted while squirting a water gun .
A child with a squirt gun .
A child with a water gun being sprayed with water .
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water .
There is a kid spraying a water gun .
A catcher in a black uniform on the ground with his glove upraised during a baseball game , while a man UN a white uniform keeps a foot on the base .
Catcher on the ground , runner making base .
The first baseman diving to catch a throw , while the runner touches first base in a softball game
Two teams playing a softball game
Women are playing softball and the catcher slides onto base .
A black dog is shaking water off his body .
A dog on a leash shakes while in some water .
A dog splashes in the murky water .
A dog standing in shallow water on a red leash .
Black dog in the water shaking the water off of him .
A boy in a creek throwing a rock .
A boy skips a rock in a creek .
A boy skips a rock in a stream .
A boy tosses a rock across a river .
A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .
A bicyclist is jumping a horizontal wooden structure with countryside in front of him .
A dirt bike in midair
A man on a motorbike in midair
A person is in the air on a contraption that resembles a bicycle .
Someone on a dirt bike , high in the air , near a building .
A child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby .
A child wearing purple runs through splashing water while a man in red looks on .
A family playing the spray of a fountain .
A man and two toddlers get sprinkled as they pass an ornamental fountain .
a young girl wearing purple running through water
A blonde girl in white has her arms around a girl in a helmet .
A girl cyclist being hugged by another girl .
The girl is hugging another girl with a helmet .
Two girls hugging .
Two teenage girls hugging , one wearing a bicycle helmet , with cyclists in the background .
A black and white dog carrying an orange ball coming out of the water .
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth .
A dog fetching an orange ball in the water .
A dog with an orange ball in its mouth swimming .
the black dog is running through the water with a red ball in its mouth .
A biker in protective gear is riding through a countryside with cliffs .
Cyclist biking down a steep path .
Extreme downhill mountain biking .
The biker is riding down a grassy mountainside .
The man with the full face mask is riding down a grassy hill
A woman applies face paint while a boy with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
A woman painting her face while a child with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
A woman painting on makeup .
A woman paints her face while a boy with a Mohawk holds her mirror .
Child with Mohawk haircut holding mirror for woman putting on face paint .
A black dog is looking through the fence .
A brown dog runs along a fence .
A dark brown dog is running along a fence outside .
A large black dog runs along a fence in the grass .
The brown greyhound dog walks on green grass and looks through a fence .
A closeup of a woman with short red hair .
A girl with neon red hair and eyebrows .
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows appears to be in mid-speach .
A woman with bright red hair and red eyebrows talks to someone outside .
The girl has red hair and eyebrows , multi-piercings in her ear , and a tattoo on her back .
a person holding a picture of a face in front of their own face sitting on a bench .
A person sitting on a bench and holding a picture in front of their face .
Someone is sitting on a wooden bench holding the picture of a face up in front of their own face .
The person blocks his face with newspaper to avoid being photographed .
The person is holding a picture in front of their face .
A couple is holding their baby at a ceremony while the priest reads his book
a couple stadning with their children getting baptized by a priest .
A priest holding a book is looking towards a woman and her baby .
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches .
woman holding baby with priest
A black haired woman in a white skirt and black boots is carrying a red bag and walking down the street .
A short girl in a white skirt , black boots , and a gray-green jacket carrying a red bag on the sidewalk .
A woman dressed up walks down the sidewalk with her back turned .
A woman in a skirt and boots with a red bag walking down the sidewalk .
A woman with a short , white skirt , black boots and a red bag walks away .
A black dog running across green grass .
A black dog running in grass .
A black dog runs in the grass , its tongue hanging out .
A black dong runs across a grassy field
Small black dog running in grass
A boy in a red and white shirt kicks a large baseball while surrounded by people .
A boy kicks a giant baseball while a group of children watch .
A boy kicks a really large baseball
A kid kicking a large ball while surrounded by other kids .
Children are outside playing with an oversized baseball .
a brown dog jumping into a pool after a bloe ball .
A dog in the air above the swimming pool .
A dog jumps into a backyard pool .
A tan colored dog is jumping into an outdoor pool .
A tan colored dog leaps into the inground pool .
A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth .
A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth looking at the person wearing blue .
A black dog holding a weight in its mouth stands next to a person .
A black dog holds a small white dumbbell in its mouth .
The black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby .
A brown dog with a pink collar with a heart on it playing with a bigger dog .
Big dog trying to bite little dog
Both the larger dog and the smaller dog have their mouths open .
Two brown dogs fighting each other .
Two dogs , both wearing collars , are playing with one another in the grass .
Two men in magenta costumes performing .
two men in red fight .
Two men in red robes performing martial arts .
Two people dressed in pink .
two people in red traditional Chinese garb are performing with sticks
A man bowls with a red ball .
A man bowls with a red bowling ball .
A man is getting ready to throw a bowling ball in a bowling alley .
a young man about to throw a red bowling ball down the lane
Man bowling in a dimly lit bowling alley .
Two people play on the beach .
Two women are playing a racquet game on the beach .
Two women in bathing suits play on the beach .
Two women in bikinis play on the beach .
Two women on a beach .
a black and brown dog staring off into the distance at something
A black , brown , and tan dog jumps at the camera .
A brown dog running through tall grass .
Dog in plants crouches to look at camera .
The black and white dog is running through the bushes .
A black and white dog jumping out of the water and a brown dog shaking off .
A brown dog and a black and white dog stand beside a hole in the dirt .
A three legged black and white dog running behind a brown dog with a red bandanna .
Two dogs are shaking themselves dry on the path next to the water .
Two dogs are shaking water off .
A blonde girl in a black cape stands with other children in costumes .
A girl in a black cape with a group of other children
A girl in a cape along with other costumed children
A group of children dressed for halloween stand in line with the exception of one girl .
Children in costumes standing in line .
a child doing a jump on a skateboard
A closeup of a man skateboarding in a skate park .
A person skateboarding at a skate park .
A skateboarder doing a jump .
A skateboarder executes a jump in a skate park .
A man wearing a green jacket and hat is snowboarding .
A person in a green coat is snowboarding .
A snowboarder in a green jacket catches some air .
A snowboarder jumps off of a jump .
a snowboarder jumps on the snow .
A boy and a baby in a ridable truck .
Two children riding in a small child 's toy vehicle .
Two little boys are driving past adults in their toy jeep .
Two little boys ride in a toy truck .
Two little boys sit in a toy car on the grass .
Children are playing on the swings at a park .
Children playing on a swing set at a park .
seven children are playing on swings in a park .
Six children and two adults playing on or near a swing set .
Two children on one swing at a park with other children .
A little boy wearing a red wristband grins as he holds something .
A small boy wearing a light blue shirt smiles as he holds something in his hand .
A young boy smiling with something in his hand
a young man wearing a blue striped shirt standing in front of a floral patterened couch
Near a window and a chair , a young boy in a blue shirt holds something in his hand and smiles .
A bicyclist in blue goes up a hill by the woods .
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods .
A woman rides her bike up a hill near the woods .
A woman in a blue jacket is riding a bicycle on a woodland path .
A woman mountain biker with a backpack bikes up a hill .
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside .
A little girl and boy play Frisbee together in a grassy area .
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
A young boy and girl playing .
Two children playing in a field .
A black dog jumping into a lake .
A black dog with a red collar is jumping in the water .
A black dog with a red collar is jumping out of the water .
Black dog with red collar splashing in water
The black dog with a red collar is jumping through the water .
a guy and a girl jumping up in the air
A man and a woman are running and jumping on top of a hill .
Two people are running at the top of a mountain .
Two people jump up and down on a cliff overlooking a valley .
Two women jump in the grass atop a mountain .
A guy on inline skates with a white hat is on a yellow rail .
a male skater is riding a yellow rail
A man Rollerblades across a yellow pole at night .
An inline skater boy balances on a yellow rail .
A skater does a trick on a yellow handrail .
A blonde boy in a brown jacket sits on a tire swing .
A blonde child riding a tire swing .
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing .
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing .
Little boy swinging fast in tire swing .
A brown dog is shown standing in the water near a muddy beach .
A dog happily plays in tidal overflow on a cloudy day .
A dog is playing in water on a beach .
A tan dog playing with a stick on the shore .
The dog runs through the water with a stick in its mouth .
A beige dog runs through the shrubbery toward the camera .
A blond dog runs down a path next to a rhododendron .
A brown dog is running through a wooded area .
The dog is running through the yard .
The yellow dog is running next to a bush on a path in the grass .
A man and woman walking down the street .
A woman and man carrying bags walking along a road with others in the background .
There are two girls in the foreground of a group of people and they are both carrying shoulder book bags .
Two firends are at an outdoor concert , and one is searching for something in her blue bag .
Two flamboyantly dressed people at a walk featuring hundreds of people .
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog is fetching a stick in a country setting .
A dog is standing in the fenced in field with a stick in his mouth .
A dog runs through a field with a stick in his mouth .
The brown dog is bringing back a stick on green grass .
a lady looks surprised .
an asian girl looking surprised in front of a brick window
An Asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says " Radio "
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .
girl wearing radio t-shirt has open mouth
A man plays Frisbee with his dog .
A man with a Frisbee and a dog in the air with a Frisbee in his mouth .
A tri-colored dog jumps and catches a pink frisbeen that a man in shorts has thrown .
Small dog catching a Frisbee .
The man and dog , which is leaping into the air , are playing Frisbee .
A kid rock climbing against the backdrop of a green valley
A woman in a striped shirt climbs up a mountain .
A young man climbs a rocky hill .
The person has a striped shirt on and is holding on to a rope on a mountain .
The person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing .
A little girl in pink stands in a yellow hallway .
a young girl standing alone in a hallway .
A young girl wearing a pink shirt walks through an open door .
The little girl in pink is standing in the doorway between the artwork on the walls .
The young girl enters the room in amazement .
a couple of people running on the shore near the beach .
A man and a woman hopping acrouss hot sand .
People running away from seagulls on the beach .
Two people run in the sand at the beach .
Two people run along a beach with seagulls
The children are playing in the water .
Two boys shoveling in melted snow .
Two children shovel snow and melting ice .
Two kids play with plastic shovels in a snowy pond .
Two young children wearing winter coats and hats are playing in the melting snow .
A boy climbs a rigging on a boat .
A boy climbs a sailboat mast .
A boy wearing climbing gear climbs by a wooden pole .
A small child climbs ropes hung near a large pole .
The boy is climbing up a rope ladder .
A girl dumps a bucket of water on another girl .
A girl is throwing a bucket of water at another girl in a pool .
In pool surrounded by plants , one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl .
One girl throws water on another in a pool .
The girls are playing in the pool and splashing each other with water .
A man sits behind two cardboard canvasses .
A man sitting in a blue metal chair .
A man sitting on a chair on the street , next to a board .
Man is sitting in a blue chair outside near large paintings .
man is sitting in blue chair next two pieces of wood
A brown dog is bringing back a buoy from the ocean .
a brown dog is running in the ocean whilst carrying an orange object in its mouth .
A dog is running out of the ocean with an orange floating toy in its mouth .
A dog running through the water with a toy at the beach .
A well-muscled dog retrieves an orange toy from the surf .
A brown and white dog jumps onto a beige leather chair .
A brown and white dog sliding off an oversized cream chair .
A dog laying on the edge of a white chair
A small white dog jumps on a chair
A white and brown dog jumps on a white leather recliner chair .
A man draws characters with his feel on the street .
a man paints chinese characters .
A person drawing Chinese characters with his feet .
A person paints Asian characters on a banner .
A person using a brush to paint chinese characters on a vertical banner .
A boy on his bike is wearing a blue shirt and is in midair .
A cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in a skate and cycle park .
An angled picture of a person doing a trick on a bike .
A person on a bmx bike , running a course .
Young man does stunt on bicycle near beach .
A man in a grey shirt is standing in a crowded street at night .
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object .
A man with glasses and a grey shirt is on a crowded street .
Man wearing pass on a lanyard and standing in a crowd of people .
One man with his eyes closed standing in a crowd .
A bicyclist with a green shirt rides through the woods
A man in green biking in the woods .
A man is riding a mountain bike on a woodland trail .
A man rides a bike through a wooded trail .
A mountain biker is riding along a heavy dirt trail in a wooded area .
A black and white dog is running through the sand on a beach .
A brown dog with white paws running on the beach .
There are two dogs running on the beach outside .
Two dogs are playing on the beach together .
Two dogs run along a beach .
A cheerleader thrown into the air
A group of cheerleaders are lifting up two other cheerleaders above their heads .
Cheerleader on top of a cheerleading pyramid , girls are looking up at her one is in the background doing the same cheer .
Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two cheerleaders above their heads .
two cheerleaders in red an black are standing on the shoulders of other cheerleaders in front of a red curtain .
A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head .
A man poses outside of some buildings .
A man stands next to signs for the wharfs .
A man with sunglasses on his head is standing by signs for the Wharf and ferry terminal .
A man with sunglasses on his head poses for a picture near the wharf .
A girl is playing a red flute while another girl holds a pink guitar .
A little girl is playing a red recorder flute while another girl is playing a pink guitar .
One girl is playing a recorder and another girl is playing the guitar .
One girl is playing a recorder while another one holds a guitar .
Young girls are playing musical instruments .
A boy in a blue shirt and white helmet is riding a white bike .
A boy in blue is riding his bike in a skate park .
A boy on a BMX bike
A cyclist riding on their front wheel on the asphalt .
The man is on a black and white bike .
A group of three dogs are walking through the snow .
Three dogs in the snow by a fence .
Three dogs next to a blue fence in the snow .
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence .
Two yellow dogs and a small dog walk through snow .
A kid is climbing on a rope course .
A little girl climbing a ropes apparatus .
A young girl climbing a rope ladder
Children climb a jungle gym .
young girl and boy cross a rope bridge
A little boy streches his body out with his stomach on the grass .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt lies on the grass .
Boy lies on stomach in grass .
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass .
The young boy is laying on his belly in the grass .
A man bracing himself against the pull of a large kite .
a man holds his parachute .
Man trying to guide a kit in the desert .
The man crouched down as he held onto the parachute that was caught in the breeze .
The man slides in the sand while holding on to his hang glider .
A group of people waiting to ride boats .
Four ferry boats are docked at a visitor 's center with passengers waiting to board .
People are gathered on a platform in water for a ceremony .
People congregate on a platform in a river among decorated boats .
People wait to board boats .
A boy hitting a soccer ball with his chest .
A child is hitting a soccer ball with their chest .
A child is playing soccer with a blue and white soccer ball nearby onlookers .
The boy hits the blue and white soccer ball with his knee .
The boy is kicking a soccer ball .
a man dragging between two horses holding on to the horse on his right
A man falls off his horse on a racetrack .
A person is kneeling between two horses
A rodeo contestent being drug between two horses .
Cowboy in blue and red pants getting bucked off a horse .
Two brown and white dogs are next to each other with red toys in their mouths .
two bulldogs running togerther in the grass with their tongue 's hanging out .
Two dogs running through grass next to a street .
Two dogs running up a grassy hill .
Two dogs run up a hill with their tongues out .
A black and tan dog is carrying a light blue ball near a fence .
A black and white dog is walking with a blue Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog runs on concrete holding a blue ball .
The dog has a blue ball in its mouth .
The large dog is walking outside , carrying a colorful toy in its mouth .
A brindle pitbull holds a dirt bike tire in its mouth .
A brown dog carrying a tire in its mouth .
A brown dog wearing a chain collar is chewing on a large tire .
A dog attempts to pick up a large tire with its mouth .
A tiger striped dog plays with a tire .
A black and white dog with a green collar stands in front of a sign .
A dog is jumping into a pool for a swim competition
A dog jumping off a dock into a pool of water .
A dog walks across a puddle of water in Las Vegas .
The furry black and white dog is running through a shallow pool .
A group of people hike in skis .
A group of skiers head up an incline in the snow .
A lady in red gloves on ski 's has four people behind her .
People are cross-country skiing in a single file line .
Quite a few hikers walk through the snow with their gear .
A big , black dog with a red collar runs in the water .
A black dog in a red collar splashing through the water .
A black dog is running through some water .
A black dog splashes in the water
A black dog with a red collar is walking through water .
A boy is doing a trick on his skateboard in a park .
A kid doing a ollie in a skate park .
a man is performing a jump on a skateboard in the park .
A skateboarder doing a trick in front of a ramp with three people in the background .
A skateboarder is doing a trick on the pavement .
A brown dog is chasing a red Frisbee across a grassy field .
A dog leaps in the air to catch a red Frisbee .
a dog runs for a red Frisbee .
A dog surrounded by trees runs to catch a Frisbee .
The large brown dog is running through the grass to catch a red Frisbee .
A brown dog swimming in murky water .
A brown dog swims in the murky water .
A dog with yellow fur swims , neck deep , in water .
A golden retreiver swimming in the water .
A yellow dog is swimming in the water .
A brown and white dog playing on grass .
A brown and white dog runs through a grassy area .
A dog is playing on the green grass
A dog with floppy ears runs on the grass , a fence behind it .
A white dog is running with an orange fence behind him .
Three dogs are running down a snow covered hill .
Three dogs race in the snow together .
Three dogs running through the snow .
Three dogs walk together across a snowy field .
Two mostly white dogs are in the snow with a black and red dog .
The three people are squatting by the water .
Three children bend over to look at the waters edge at a lake .
Three kids lean into the water edge wearing bright pants .
Three kids squat down and look at the ground on the shore of a lake .
Three people squat down on the edge of a lake .
Three people are facing the mountains .
Three people looking toward the mountains .
Three people stand looking in the direction of some mountains .
Three people watching the clouds in the mountains .
Three young adults gaze at the approaching storm .
A man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras .
A person stands wearing sunglasses , a boat and two cameras .
A person wearing a grey jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera .
A woman wearing a grey jacket and pink sunglasses
The man with a gray jacket and red sunglasses is holding cameras and standing in front of a car .
An old man is sitting on a stone bench .
An old man sits .
An old man with a blue shirt is looking askance with people behind him .
There are a couple of old men sitting on a concrete bench outside .
Two old men sitting on the dock .
a lone man sitting on a ledge that overlooks the beach
A man sits on a hill overlooking the ocean .
A man sits on the gravel by an ocean .
A young man sits on a cliff , watching the ocean .
Seated man looks out at the ocean .
A little boy jumps on a toy air gun .
A little girl is playing with a colorful toy in the ground .
A small child jumps on a colorful toy in the street .
A young girl playing with two plastic and foam toy rockets .
A young girl plays on a colorful toy outside .
A man sits next to a woman on a bus .
The back of two people sitting on one seat in a bus .
Two people are sitting on a tram during the nighttime .
Two people are sitting on the bus at nighttime .
two people being photographed from behind sitting on a bus
A little boy playing in the water while its raining and an adult while an adult holds his hand
A man holds the hands of a child standing in the water .
A toddler plays in water while an adult holds his arms .
Boy plays in fountain while man holds his hands .
the young boy in red jumpos in the puddle .
a brown dog jumps over a chain .
A dog jumps over a chain .
A dog leaping over a chain .
A greyhound jumps over a chain .
Brown dog leaps over a chain suspended over a gravel road .
A man in a striped shirt tugging something away from a dog .
A man playing with a small dog .
A man tries to get a toy away from a small dog .
An man plays with a little dog with a plush toy .
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog .
A guy and white dog standing on grass .
A man and a woman walk their small dogs at an outdoor event .
A man is encouraging a small white dog to stand on its hind legs in a dog show .
At an outdoor dog show , a very small dog jumps on an older man .
Mutltiple people are walking small dogs near a tent .
A baseball player is tagged out sliding into second base .
A baseball player slides toward a base .
a man in a grey uniform sliding into a base
Three men playing baseball .
two fielder are defending the base as a member of the batting team slide towards it .
Two adults walking in the street in a suburban area
Two distant boys walking down snowy street in urban area .
Two people walking across a street .
Two people walking on a street with barren trees .
Two people walking on the street with lots of bare trees around and snow on the ground .
A boy bouncing on a trampoline .
A boy jumping on a trampoline .
A boy jumps on a trampoline .
A little boy in a white long sleeved t-shirt jumps on a trampoline .
Boy jumps on trampoline outside house .
a black dog jumping through some water
A black dog leaps out of the water .
a black dog runs through the water .
A black dog splashes in the water .
A large black dog is playing in the ocean .
A man in a black jacket walks thorugh an Asian market .
A man walking down a street with Asian shops .
A man walking on the sidewalk past storefronts .
A man walks in a street
A man walks on the sidewalk by a sign .
A toddler is sitting inside a yellow tunnel in the playground .
A young boy plays in a yellow tunnel on a playground .
Boy in yellow shirt sitting in yellow playground slide
The little boy in the yellow tunnel is wearing a yellow shirt .
The young child prepares to go down the slide .
A crowd at a rally .
A crowd of people remember the Armenian genocide from 1915 to 1923 .
A group of people are gathered to watch a man speak from a podium about Armenian genocide .
People gather to hear a speech related to the Armenian Genocide .
There is a man in suit speaking at a podium at a protest march .
A child in an orange shirt sitting on a blue and white toy car .
A little boy with an orange shirt is riding his blue and white toy car .
A small child on a blue toy is wearing an orange shirt .
A toddler boy is riding a push car designed as a police car in a home .
The boy is riding on a toy truck .
A black man is wearing a brown shirt and a necklace .
A black man with a necklace is starring off camera .
A man looks straight ahead at night .
A man with black skin and short hair wears a necklace and gray shirt .
An man of African heritage is wearing a grey shirt and silver neck chain .
A grey dog beside a black and white dog running in green grass .
two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
two dogs , playing in a field , wrestling with each other
Two dogs run along a grassy field while one bites the other .
Two dogs wrestle in a field .
A boy does a cannonball into a pool while a girl watches .
A boy jumping off of a diving board while a girl watches .
A boy jumps into a pool while a girl watches .
A girl in a swimming pool looks on while a boy in a mask jumps in from a diving board .
There is a kid jumping off a diving board into a pool .
Two girls in pink are playing on yellow playground bars .
Two girls on a jungle gym .
Two little girls in pink outfits play on a yellow and red playground .
Two young girls on a playground .
two young girls wearing pink outfits playing on yellow monkey bars .
A woman walks as she looks at her cellphone and others look on .
Several ladies talking together .
Three girls walking , one is checking her cellphone
Three girls walk together and talk .
Three high school girls walk and talk on AstroTurf .
A bicyclist is jumping on ramp covered with graffiti .
A man is jumping his bicycle off of a ramp .
A skateboarder jumping on a graffiti covered ramp .
A young boy jumps his bicycle on a tagged bike ramp .
Young man on a trick bicycle jumps at the top of a graffiti covered ramp .
A child and a woman are at waters edge in a big city .
a large lake with a lone duck swimming in it with several people around the edge of it .
A little boy at a lake watching a duck .
A young boy waves his hand at the duck in the water surrounded by a green park .
Two people are at the edge of a lake , facing the water and the city skyline .
A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow .
Beautiful snowy landscape with people treading through the snow .
Cross-country skiers are traveling towards the mountains at sunset .
Four people walking across thick snow during a sunset .
The sun is almost behind the snowy mountains .
a couple of dogs running through the water with trees in the background
Two dogs are running through a small pond
Two dogs play in a river , one is making a splash .
Two dogs run through the water near trees .
Two dogs standing in a lake .
a determined girl is hitting a volleyball
A girl in a grassy field hitting a volleyball .
A woman plays volleyball .
A young girl is practicing volleyball in a grass field .
The girl is hitting the volleyball .
A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth is running through snow .
A dog with a Frisbee in the snow .
An orange dog fetching a Frisbee in the snow .
Brown and black dog with yellow object in mouth in the snow .
The dog retrieves the Frisbee is the snow .
A girl with a bun is sitting at a desk .
Group of people , from behind , seated in a line of desks by windows in library .
People are sitting at desks in a library .
Person sitting at a desk in a library .
two people are sitting at desks by the windows in a library .
a dirt biker stands in the sunset .
A man on a motorcycle is silhouetted by the sunset .
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him
The man is on a bike and sitting in front of the sunset .
The man sat on the dirt bike as the sun sets in the distance .
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings .
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building .
A man stands by a building because there is snow and ice on the ground nearby .
a man wearing a jean jacket ND a pair of jeans walking next to a red brick building .
man walking next to building on path clear of snow
Two men are standing in a recording studio .
two men in a dim room surrounded by several computers
Two men looking at each other with computer monitors in the foreground .
two men stand behind a table containing computers and microphones .
Two men stand inside an enclosed area with multiple computers present .
A bald man is posing with two smiling girls .
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera .
A man in a red shirt stands with two woman wearing white and smiles .
A man with facial hair poses along with two girls with a city landscape behind them .
Two women and a man posing for a photograph .
A breakdancer is standing on one hand with a look of excitement
A man doing a handstand outside of a garage .
A person balances on one hand .
The boy in the black hat balanced his body on one hand .
The man is attempting a one-handed handstand in front of a building .
A bird flying over the water .
A blue bird flying over water .
A gray bird is flying over the water .
A large bird spreading his wings in flight over a body of water .
A large gray bird begins to land in the water .
A big brown dog running .
A brindle do runs through a grassy yard
A brown dog runs outdoors .
A grayhound dog is sprinting .
Dog running in yard .
A group of people sitting on a sidewalk .
Girls sit on benches .
The girl is wearing silver shoes and a pink jacket .
The girls take a break in the afternoon .
Two teenage girls are texting in the park .
A child in denim playing hopscotch .
Closeup of a pair of feet in mid jump while playing hopscotch .
Someone is playing hopscotch on a chalked out grid on the ground .
The kid is playing hopscotch .
The legs of a child playing hopscotch .
A dog chases a toy in the grass with its owner in the background .
A dog chases a white animal on a green lawn .
A dog playing outside in the grass .
A golden dog is running across the grass chasing a white toy on the ground .
The brown dog is running outside on the grass .
A man does a skateboard trick on snowy ground .
A skateboarder in black , brown , and white is grinding his skateboard along a low rail
A young man rides a skateboard along a metal pole .
The skater rides his board on the pipe .
The young man is riding a skateboard and performing a trick .
A child dressed as a ninja is jumping through the air under a large tree .
A child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .
A man wearing a martial arts uniform is jumping through the air .
A person with a black and red outfit and a black hood is up in the air .
a young ninja jumps into the air .
A group of young soccer players run down the field after the ball .
Boys are playing soccer .
The soccer player in the checked shirt is moving the ball pursued by the players on the other team .
Two boys soccer teams play , one boy goes after the ball .
Two teams of boys playing soccer .
a group of people making excited expressions with their hands
A group of people who look very excited about something stand outdoors .
A woman wearing a hood gives two peace signs while the man next to her claps and the woman behind her raises up her arms .
Several young people celebrate by clapping and cheering .
The group makes faces and hand gestures for the camera .
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track .
A long view of a curving railroad track with a group of people off in the distance .
Looking along a railroad track at people in the distance .
People are walking away from the camera , along railroad tracks .
People near railroad tracks in the woods .
A boy in dark pants and green t-shirt rides his bike up a ramp .
A man is jumping his bicycle off a ramp in a skate park .
A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps his bike over a ramp .
A teen boy doing a bicycle trick on a bike ramp
A young man is performing a bicycle jump on a ramp .
Two men in ethnic dress standing in a barren landscape .
Two men in keffiyahs stand next to car in the desert and wave at a passing vehicle .
Two men in robes wave at an approaching jeep traveling through the sand .
Two men in traditional Arab dress standing near a car wave at an SUV in the desert .
Two people with head coverings stand in a sandy field .
A person holding a net is standing in the water .
A person is standing in shallow water with a fishing net as the sun goes down .
A person is walking in the water with a net .
Girl holding a net and walking in a lake at sunset
Person wading in the lake with a fishing net at sunset .
A boy in a diaper jumping onto a couch .
A boy in a diaper jumps onto a bed with a striped covering and red pillow in a room with toys and a chair .
A child jumps onto a bed .
A child leaping onto a bed in a room with toys on the floor .
Young boy jumping on to his bed .
A child attempts to enter a house through the doggy door .
a child 's legs while squeezing through a dog door .
A child wearing gray shorts and pink-bottomed sneakers crawls through a window .
A child wearing pink soled sneakers is climbing headfirst through a window .
A kid climbs through a small door .
A brown and white dog running into the water
A brown and white dog running through water towards a toy .
A brown dog is running into the ocean as it chases a purple Frisbee .
A dog splashing in the water .
The dog runs out into the ocean .
A boy is lying down in midst of many soft toys , and spiderman quilt .
A boy wearing a black shirt and khaki pants is laying down , and is surrounded by stuffed animals .
A child laying in the midst of stuffed toys and blankets .
A young boy lays in a bed of stuffed animals .
Child laying down in the midst of stuffed animals including Mickey Mouse and Tigger
A man playing rugby has the ball and tries to evade a tackler .
A man runs on a field with the ball and a man in a striped shirt is on the ground .
a man wearing red socks playing running with some other men
One rugby player attempts to take down another .
While holding tight to the ball , the man in red socks is getting tackled .
Basketball player has fallen on the court while another grabs at the ball from out of frame .
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court .
Two basketball players , one on the floor , struggle to gain possession of a basketball .
Two high school basketball players reach to grab the ball , one falling to the floor .
Two men in uniforms playing basketball , struggle for the ball .
A black dog lies on the floor while a brown dog stands behind him .
A brown dog is jumping over a black dog that is laying down on a patio .
A tiger striped pitbull jumps over a black and brown dog .
one dog lying down while another jumps over him
The black and tan dog is laying down with the smaller dog jumps over his back .
Girls wearing sports uniforms and eye protection .
Several female lacrosse players are going after a ball .
These girls are in uniforms and are playing field hockey .
The woman lacrosse player in blue is about to catch the ball .
Women play lacrosse .
A girl squats on a rock while another stands by her .
A woman in an orange coat and jeans is squatting on a rock wall while a blonde woman in a red jacket stands next to her on the wall checking her electronic device
A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock .
Many people are walking through a park with a lot of trees .
Two women are on a rock wall while others walk along a path .
A little kid splashes around in the kiddie pool while a lady watches .
a woman dumping water on a small child who is in a pool
A woman is throwing a bucket of water over a baby in the paddling pool .
A woman is throwing water on a child in a plastic swimming pool in a rural area .
I child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them .
A skier coming over a snowy hill while people look on .
A snowboarder takes a ramp made of snow while others watch .
One person snowboarding while others look on .
People are watching a skier perform a trick in the air .
There are several people watching a person in the air with skies surrounded by mountains and snow .
A woman in a animal print coat standing next to a smoking woman .
Two women are standing and one of them is smoking .
Two women outside and one is smoking
Two young women standing outside a blue door , one smoking a cigarette .
Tw woman stand outside a building , and one is smoking .
The children in the scene are in a petting zoo and are acting like a duck or chicken .
Two children play in a yard with farm animals .
Two children playing around farm animals .
Two children playing in a fenced in grassy area with farm animals .
Two kids playing in a yard with some farm animals .
A lady holds a baby and they both are looking at one another .
A lady with glasses holds a baby who is looking up at her .
A woman holds a baby in a blue jumper .
A woman holds a toddler .
A woman wearing a gray t-shirt holds a child wearing a black shirt under a light blue smock .
A man , a gun , and a dog .
A man aiming a rifle with a dog standing beside him .
A man shoots a rifle while a dog looks on .
Man aiming a rifle with his dog at his side .
The man is aiming to shoot something while his dog watches .
A girl walks on a sidewalk while talking on a cellphone .
A woman walking while talking on the phone .
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cellphone .
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone .
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings .
A hiker is sitting on the ground looking towards the snow covered mountains .
A man is sitting on top of a mountain .
A person sits near a mountain .
one person wearing a backpack sitting on the side of a rocky mountain .
Someone is sitting on a hill overlooking a rocky mountain .
A baby cries in a woman 's arms .
A baby in a red shirt is crying while an adult holding the baby mocks it .
A baby wearing red begins to cry as a woman makes a face at it .
a little baby cries in his moms arms .
A woman is holding onto a baby that looks like he 's about to cry .
A dog begins to climb a brick staircase near plants .
A dog climbing stone stairs surrounded by plants .
A dog climbs steps near plants .
A dog runs up some outdoor steps .
A small dog going up concrete stairs near many plants .
A little girl in a pink hat is playing with a soccer ball .
A young girl is playing with a soccer ball in the grass .
Little girl with pink hat playing with a soccer ball .
The little girl wearing a pink hat is bending down to pick up a soccer ball .
Young child playing with a soccer ball in a grassy area .
a boy caches a fish while a girl points at the fish .
A boy catches a fish in a small stream as a girl points .
A young boy catches a fish from a stream while a young girl helps .
The girl in pink is watching the boy catch a fish from the river .
Two kids fishing near a river .
A brown dog is playing outside in a grassy area .
A brown dog wearing a blue harness jumps over the grassy field .
A brown dog with a blue bandanna is jumping over grass .
A dog is jumping in the grass .
A dog runs through the grass .
people are skiing down a snow covered hill
Four men in red vests with crosses on them ski on a mountain .
Four ski patrollers on skis are wearing helmets and goggles .
Skiers in uniform progress down a snowy slope .
there are four snow skiers going down the side of a hill .
A man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .
A rollerblader on a concrete form .
A skateboarder in the city .
A skateboarder skates on a white wall near the street .
The young man with black pants and a white t-shirt is riding along the top of the wall with his skateboard .
A child rides a pony while an older child and adult stand next to her .
A girl is riding on a pony with a little girl and a woman standing beside the pony .
A woman and young girl stand next to another young girl sitting on a brown pony .
The children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising .
Two people are arranged around a horse and its rider .
Children on tricycles .
Children riding tricycles on the pavement .
Little kids are lined up to race in a tricycle race .
Two children ride tricycles in a race .
Two children riding tricycles are passing a pink banner .
Three dogs are playing together in the dirt .
Three dogs of varying sizes and colors stand on dirt .
Three dogs running in the dirt .
three dogs run together .
Three dogs who are brown , white , and black ( respectively ) play with one another in a dirt field .
A child jumps into a pool as a man looks on .
A girl with swimmies on is jumping into a pool .
A little girl wearing orange arm floats jumping into a pool .
A little girl with inflatable armbands is jumping into the pool
A young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool
A long haired skateboarder is airborne above a set of cements steps and a metal Bannister .
A man jumping a rail on his skateboard .
A person riding a skateboard jumps high above the concrete steps .
A skateboarder props up on a pole just before descending .
The skateboarder tries to do a trick down the railing .
A group of people are outside a brick building taking pictures .
A group of people gathered for a meeting .
A group of people sits outside a building .
people gather in front of building for speech
Several people are gathered on the steps in front of a brick building .
A group of brides in white gowns hold red flowers on the side of a street .
A group of men and women are in wedding attire .
Line of women in white dresses holding red flowers
many brides line up on the street .
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses
A boy in a red hat admires a barely dressed woman .
A man in a red costume and woman in a bikini are passing a crowd of people .
a smiling topless woman holding a shell with many people surrounding her
A topless woman is holding a conch shell while a crowd looks at her .
Many people watching a performance
A group of teenagers near Simpsons characters .
a group of teenagers standing outside of a convienance store .
Four young people with cold drinks stand on the sidewalk in front of cartoon cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold drinks .
Three people stand outside a fast food joint with their drinks .
Three teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience store .
Two children are having a sack race .
Two children jumping in potato sacks .
Two girls are hopping in burlap sacks across a field in front of a fence around a tennis court .
Two girls are in a sack race .
Two girls hopping in potato sacks
A group of soccer players are playing soccer .
Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball .
The soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player .
Three men playing professional soccer while many people in the stands watching
Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball .
a brown and white dog jumps on the sidewalk .
A little white dog in running on the sidewalk .
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk .
Little brown and white dog running on the sidewalk .
The dog is running .
A child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby .
Black dog swims behind two people on an inflatable blue raft .
Two people and a dog play in the water using a blue inflatable toy .
Two people swimming in water with a black dog trailing behind them .
Two people swimming on a floating while a black dog follows .
A woman has a finger pointing in her face .
A woman sits at a table near a window , with a plate and glass in front of her .
A woman sitting down to have a meal is being pointed at .
A woman wearing a floral dress sits as a finger is pointed at her .
On the left , a hand points to a surprised looking woman with short hair sitting at a table in front of a window
A football team doing excercises
A football team doing their stretches before the game starts .
Football players are stretching together .
The football players are working on stretching their legs .
The four football players in red stretch on the green turf .
A man and two boys standing in spraying water .
A shirtless male looks to his right while water flows over him .
Two boys in swimsuits standing under running water .
Two boys playing in water .
Young boys enjoying a spray of water .
A woman is attempting to walk a tightrope with onlookers nearby a rocky shored lake reflecting sun .
A woman is walking on a rope by a lack as the sunsets .
A woman leaning to her right as the sun sets .
Girl regains composure in a sunset with a man in the background
The woman is dancing on the shore of a lake at dusk .
A man performs a ski jump in the snow .
A skier in a black top making a jump with a blue and white sign on pile of snow underneath .
A skier high in the air after a jump .
Man on skis attempting to jump over a snow pile
The skier is airborne after going off the ramp .
A light colored dog runs on a narrow path .
A pale dog runs down a path .
A white dog is running down a path between bushes .
A white dog rushes down a dirt path surrounded by grass and trees .
Yellow dog running through bushes on path .
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera .
A man is taking photos with a long range lens by a body of water .
A man takes photos on the water 's edge .
a man wearing a tank top loooking into a camera that 's on a tripod
Muscular man taking pictures of a lake with boats .
A girl in a pool wearing goggles and surrounded by other children
A girl in green goggles in a pool with three other children .
A red haired girl making a peace sign is wearing neon green glasses and floaties and playing in the pool with other kids .
A red-headed girl offers the peace sign as she swims in the pool with floaties .
A young girl with goggles and floaties poses for the camera as she plays in a pool .
A black dog is biting onto a soccer ball on the dirt ground .
A black dog walking in dirt has a soccer ball in his mouth .
A small dog with a soccer ball in its mouth walking on a dirt covered area .
Black dog holding an old soccer ball in its mouth
The black dog is walking through the dirt with a soccer ball in its mouth .
A male bicyclist wearing a blue helmet is out for a ride in the outdoors .
A man mountain biking with a blue helmet
A man wearing a blue helmet is riding in the dirt on his bike .
A mountain biker rides down a trail .
The man in the blue helmet is on a bike .
Two black dogs are fighting over a toy
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy .
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy .
Two black dogs are tugging at an orange toy that is between them .
Two black dogs fighting over an orange toy .
A crowd of people in front of a memorial in Washington DC .
A crowd of people views newspaper covers in Washington D.C.
A group dressed in wintery attire of people on a sidewalk in Washington D.C.
Large group of people standing outside of a building .
Lots of people gathering in a line .
A black dog standing in some grass holding a white plastic item in its mouth .
A black dog is carrying a white dog toy through a field of high grass .
A black dog is holding a white object in its teeth .
A black dog with a white toy in his mouth in a field of grass .
A black Labrador retriever in a grassy field returns with a white nubby cylinder in its mouth .
A guy in a yellow shirt with a bike gets very high in the air .
A man in midair holding his bike 's handlebars
A man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is doing a trick high in the air with his bike .
Man holding onto bike handlebars while in midair .
A bicycler is going down a ramp at a bike festival .
A bike jumps through the air .
A cyclist is performing a stunt in a bicycle-cross competition .
A man riding a bicycle down a ramp towards a dirt bike course .
A stunt cyclist launches himself into midair over a ramp while other cyclists watch .
A brown dog sits on a couch .
A dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some paper
A very large dog laying on a bed with pieces of paper all around him .
The dog is lying on a bed with torn paper nearby and a person watching nearby .
The large brown dog sat on the bed surronded by wrapping paper .
A child in a white bathrobe is standing in a doorway .
A man in a bathrobe with its arms tied together crosses a threshold .
A young black child is wrapped in a white robe and standing in a bathroom doorway .
A young black girl emerges from the bathroom wrapped in a bathrobe and towel .
A young girl wearing a white bathrobe stands by a door .
A hiker standing on a bluff high in the mountains .
A man feels on top of the world on top of a large rock formation .
A man stands at the top of a mountain with his hands in the air .
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain .
A person in a red shirt is standing , with arms raised , at the top of a mountain .
a tan dog jumping through the field with some barren trees in the background
A tan dog runs through the brush .
A white dog runs on brown grass .
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field .
The light colored dog is running through a field .
A girl sits on a swing .
A girl wearing an orange shirt holds onto poles and looks down .
A soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater .
a young girl with long brown hair holding a black and red striped stick .
The girl in the red shirt smiles on the swing .
A boy in a blue shirt is mountain biking on a track and catching air .
a lone bicyclist jumping a trick along a bike jumping path .
A man performs tricks on a dirt ramp on a green bike .
A person is in the air on a bike near a body of water .
A person on a bike rides through a dirt course near the water .
Brown dog and German shepherd standing near each other in the grass near water .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field in a park with a lake in the background .
Two dogs play in a field .
Two large dogs run in green grass with water in the background .
A batter playing cricket missed the ball and the person behind him is catching it .
A cricket player misses the pitch .
A man struck out playing cricket .
A man wearing white , including shin guards , swings the bat in a cricket game .
The three men are playing cricket .
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of some steps at night .
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of the stadium steps .
a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background
A man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium .
A man stands at the top of a stadium staircase .
A little girl buried in the sand .
A little girls waist high in sand
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .
The little girl in the yellow hat is buried up to her waist in the sand on the beach .
The small baby in a yellow has the lower half of her body buried in sand .
A goal defending the goal in a hockey game .
A hockey goalie ready for the puck .
A hockey player in a black and white uniform guarding the goal .
A person guarding a hockey goal .
The ice hockey goal keeper is dressed in a red strip .
A man jumps off a ramp on a snowboard .
A snowboarder high in the air .
A snowboarder jumps through the air on their snowboard .
Snowboarder flies off of snowy jump , mountains in background .
The snowboarder is in the middle of a very tall jump
A man in black is purchasing something at the register in a store .
A man in the store has purchased something and the cashier is handing him his bag .
A man is standing in the checkout line at a store .
a tattooed man is making a purchase in a music store .
Man standing at a check-out counter .
A man in a light blue cap smiles .
A man in a white jacket and blue baseball cap .
A man with a blue sport hat and white sport jacket is staring with crowd nearby .
The guy in the white jacket has a blue hat on .
The man is wearing a blue hat .
A little blonde girl stands on a pink skateboard .
A young blonde girl tries to ride a skateboard .
Girl on pink skateboard wearing black jacket
Little girl in pink skateboard .
The young girl is standing on a skateboard .
A man is performing a jump on his snowboard .
A snowboarder glides through the air .
a snowboarder jumps into the air .
A snowboarder launches into the air over white snow
A snowboarder suspended in the air
A man looks up at the cliff he is climbing near the beautiful blue ocean .
A man rock climbing near the ocean .
A man rock climbing pauses to calculate his route .
A man rock climbing , with a city and a bay in the background .
A rock climber with a city and bay behind him .
A child is leaping from one bed to another in the same room .
A little blonde boy jumps from one bed to another .
A small blonde child jumping from one bed to another .
A small boy leaps from one bed to another .
A young blonde boy is jumping from bed to bed .
A casual family stroll by the water .
A man , woman , and little girl walk along a boardwalk beside a calm sea .
Child , man , and woman walking near the water .
The little girl in the pink shirt is walking ahead of a man and woman on the side of the body of water
Two adults and a small girl walk along an ocean boardwalk .
A BMW rider takes a large jump off a wall .
A guy is doing a bike trick in a park .
A man doing tricks on a bicycle .
A man falls off a brick wall while still on his bike .
A person on a bmx bike .
A green Volkswagen Bug and other vintage cars are admired by people in a courtyard .
A lime green VW bug .
Cars and people gathered in a city mall area .
In this plaza , we see a green VW beetle , a white sports coupe and many people looking at the autos .
The courtyard of a South American city with a crowd and vintage cars .
a boxer punches a boxer in the face .
A fighter attempts to kick another fighter while the other fighter blocks his kick .
a kickboxer jumping for a kick
Two boxers are in the ring .
Two men kickbox in a ring , one man punching the other .
A man in a black and red jacket and helmet does a stunt on a motorbike .
A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt
A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot .
Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle .
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle .
a boy performs a stunt on a BMX bike .
A man does a bicycle trick on a concrete obstacle .
a man doing tricks on a bmx bike
An extreme bicyclist is performing a jump with his bicycle and rotating the bicycle while he is in the air .
Person doing a trick bike move in a skatepark .
A beautiful waterfall with two people walking on the road beside it .
A beautiful waterfall flows down the side of a mossy rock wall .
A waterfall cascades into a shallow pool .
A waterfall splashes into a pool at the bottom of a steep grassy hill .
Two people travel down a path going though a woods with a giant waterfall .
A boy holds a red bucket up to a pony .
A man feeding a horse wearing a blue strapped blanket .
A man holds feed for a horse in a blue blanket .
A young boy is feeding a horse some hay from an orange bucket .
Grey horse wearing blue cover eating from a orange bucket held by a person in a green shirt .
Children in swimming suits playing in water .
kids are playing in water fountains
Kids in bathing suits with water splashing around them .
Two children are playing at a water park .
Young children play in the sprinkler .
A dog jumping in midair above grass .
A dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball in a grassy field .
A golden dog is jumping in an attempt to catch a ball .
dog in air
The dog is in the air above the grass .
A person in a black and red jacket walking up a snowy mountain .
A person is walking up a snowy hill
A person wearing a red jacket climbs a snowy hill .
Mountain climber climbing snowy mountaintop .
Person in red and black parka climbing snow covered hill
A man dressed in blue holds a sign while standing behind a couple of trees and in front of a large concrete wall with red writing on it .
A man holds up a cardboard sign near a wall with red graffiti .
A man in a black jacket is standing between two trees holding up a sign .
A man stands on the side of the road , holding a cardboard sign .
A man stands with a cardboard sign on a road
A lady in a pink shirt , green veil and straw hat rowing a boat with packages in it .
A lady rows a canoe filled with things .
A man piloting a boat with goods in the back .
An Asian woman rows a boat loaded with supplies .
Person in pointed hat and face covered with green scarf poling boatload of stuff through water
A group of people gather for a picture while a woman stands on a post and takes the picture .
A group of people having their picture taken .
A group of people outside having their picture taken
A person standing on a pillar taking a group photo .
A woman stands on a concrete block taking a picture of a group of people on a sidewalk beside the road .
The black dog runs with a ball with two smaller dogs behind it .
Three dogs playing in a field , one with a ball in its mouth .
Three dogs race towards the viewer over a lawn .
Three dogs running in grass , one carrying a tennis ball in mouth .
Two small dogs follow a larger dog with a tennis ball
A football player being tackled from behind by another player from a different team in front of a crowd .
A football player in a Sooners jersey , runs down a field with a large crowd in the background .
A football player in red being tackled by opponents in white .
A football player wearing a number 23 white jersey tackles a football player wearing a red , number three jersey while fans cheer .
A football tackle in progress with a crowd in the background .
A blond toddler wearing a blue sweater , riding on a wooden toy .
A child in blue and yellow clothing is clinging to playground equipment with an adult nearby .
A little boy is playing on a playground rocking toy .
A toddler with a look of fear on his face is on playground equipment .
Boy in a blue shirt riding on a toy .
A boy in a robe sits in a chair .
A little dark-haired boy on a chair in his white bathrobe .
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair .
Little boy in a robe sits in a chair posing for the camera .
There is a little boy sitting in a chair .
Brown dog and two black dogs have three-way tug on red object , outdoors .
Three dogs are all tugging on the same toy as they stand behind a house .
Three large dogs , one brown and the others black , tussle over a red toy in the grass outside a building .
two black dogs and a brown dog are tugging at a red object with their mouths .
Two black dogs are tugging on a red toy that is in a brown dog 's mouth .
a man is wearing a black hat and a brown scarf in a city street .
A man wearing a bowler cap and scarf .
A man wearing a hat and scarf stands in a crowd .
A man wearing a hat is standing in a crowd of people .
The old man is wearing glasses , a scarf , and a hat .
A brown dog laying on a green cushion .
A brown dog rests on a green cushion .
A brown dog sleeps on a green pillow .
A dog laying down on a green cushion .
A large brown dog is lying in the sun on a big , green dog bed .
A man jumps in the air while sky surfing .
A man performs a waterskiing stunt .
a parasailer jumping a trick high in the air at a lake .
A person on a wakeboard is high above the water with a crane in the background
A waterskier high in the air above the green water .
Three men standing in the tide at a beach .
Three men stand on the beach , fully clothed .
Three men wade into the ocean shore .
Three people in jackets at a rocky beach .
Three people on a beach .
A black dog lying on its back in green grass .
A black dog rolling in grass .
A dog rolling around in the grass .
Dog rolling in grass
The black and brown dog is rolling in the grass .
A child rides a wooden horse .
A small boy rides a wooden toy and smiles .
A toddler is sitting on a wooden horse and smiling .
a young blond boy sitting on a wooden rocky horse .
The child is on a wooden rocking horse .
A girl pushes a boy on a swing on a sandy playground .
A girl stands behind a boy in a swing .
A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing .
a little girl pushes a little boy on the swing .
The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing .
The boy and girl pose for a picture with a large red flower above their heads .
The teenage boy and girl are smiling under a red flower .
Two kids smiling underneath a red flower .
Two people smile underneath a large red flower and in front of a vine-covered wall .
Two people standing in front of vine covered wall with red flower overhead
A girl hangs over the seat of a swing in a playground .
A girl in a red shirt is swinging on her stomach .
A girl in red rides on her stomach in a playground swing above a sandy surface .
A girl is playing on a swing .
A little girl in red is swinging on her stomach on a playground swing .
A brown and black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the carpet .
A large white dog and a smaller brown dog fight .
A white dog opens its mouth near a smaller dog .
A white dog plays with a brown dog on carpet .
Two dogs playing rough .
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain .
A skier is going down a huge snow covered slope .
A skier skiing down a large mountain
The man is skiing down the steep , snowy white mountain with clouds in the background .
The skier is going down a large mountain .
A boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree .
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree .
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree .
A small child is in a tree wearing red shoes .
A young boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .
A man and a woman walk at a flea market .
An asian couple walks through a market .
A young couple walking together through an outdoor market .
A young man and woman are walking along an outdoor market .
People standing and walking in a flea market .
A group of teenage boys on a road jumping joyfully .
Four boys running and jumping .
Four kids jumping on the street with a blue car in the back .
Four young men are running on a street and jumping for joy .
sveral young man jumping down the street
a black and grey dog catches a tennis ball at the beach
A dog is catching a yellow tennis ball on the beach .
A dog jumping for a tennis ball near an ocean
A dog jumps to catch a ball in the surf .
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach .
A baby holds a game control above its head and laughs .
a baby is holding a controller to a video game above his head .
A little kid holds up a remote control in front of the television .
A young boy is holding a PlayStation controller over his head .
Baby sitting on floor and holding a game controller over its head .
Four children playing basketball .
Four people are playing basketball on a plank deck outdoors .
Four people playing basketball on wooden area near the beach .
Kids playing basketball on a wood deck .
Young children shoot baskets in the field .
Girls playing in a sand playground .
Two girls play in a sand box .
Two little girls are sitting in a sandpit next to a row of sand castles .
Two little girls make sandcastles in a sandbox .
Two young girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the sand .
Three Asian women , one elderly , one a child and one an adult crossing a street .
Three women in hats walk down a sidewalk .
Three women in white hats in a line .
Three women , one old , one young and one a child , walk down a street .
Three women walk in a line on the sidewalk .
a couple with a young child wrapped in a blanket sitting on a concrete step
A woman and a man holding a child sit on steps .
A young family sits on steps enjoying the day
A young family sitting on stone steps .
The man and woman are sitting on wooden steps holding a baby .
A little blond boy and a young woman in jeans walk through a plaza .
A toddler boy in a red tank top and khaki shorts walks on the European street with a woman in a white top and faded blue jeans .
A woman walks and a little boy walks to the side of her .
A young boy wearing a red shirt stands in the street with his arms open wide .
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza .
A boy plays basketball .
A boy wearing blue shorts is bouncing a basketball in front of the net .
A little boy plays with a basketball and a toy basketball hoop .
little boy playing basketball in the grass
The child in the blue shorts dribbled the basketball .
A boy and a toddler boy stand by a water fountain .
The two boys in bright blue jeans stand at the water fountain .
Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park .
Two children stand near a water fountain .
Two little boys at a water fountain .
A man take a picture of a woman in a blue top and jeans standing on a stump near the water .
A woman balances on a stump while a man takes her picture .
A woman stands atop a waterside piling .
Man shooting picture of women at the beach .
The girl standing on the post by the water is having her picture taken by the man with the camera .
A lean dog races along a dirt track .
A racing dog takes flight while wearing a yellow and black jersey , and muzzle
A white greyhound wearing a yellow and black jacket is running on a track .
A white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track .
A white racing dog wearing the number 8 is midstride running down a track .
A black lab is running in a race .
A shiny black dog runs on the grass during a bright and sunny day .
The big , black , running dog is wearing a strap around its chest .
The black dog is running through the clearing .
The large black dog is running through a grassy area .
A man and a boy standing in front of a sign that says " HELL " .
Two males on a street corner crooswalk with a billboard behind them .
Two males stand by a board that says HELL .
Two people stand next to a sign that says " HELL " made out of stars .
Two young men , one smoking , walk past a large sign that uses orange stars to spell " HELL " .
A child reaches for a bar .
A little boy in navy blue reaching up for a bar on a playground .
a little child reaches for a bar .
Boy reaches above head for blue pole .
Small boy reaching for blue bar in play area , another child in background .
A boy tries to put a screen on a window .
A child wearing shorts is moving a window screen .
A shirtless child in blue shorts holding up a window screen that has fallen out .
little boy in blue shorts holding a window screen
Young boy wearing denim shorts holding a window screen .
A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience .
A man does a jump trick on a bike .
A man in the air on a BMX bicycle , with 4 people sitting watching him in front of an EASTPAK banner .
A stunt-bicyclist flies above onlookers .
Person on a bicycle jumping high in the air over the sign that reads EASTPAK , others look up at him .
A young woman dressed in black and another with purple hair hold up signs offering free hugs .
Two girls are holding up signs offering ' free hugs '
Two people with signs reading " Free Hug " are staring with people nearby .
Two women , one with purple hair , holding signs advertizing free hugs .
Two women with signs that say " Free hugs " .
A man performing a trick on a skateboard at a graffiti covered skate park .
A man wearing a grey shirt is doing a skateboard trick on stairs .
a skateboarder has kicked his board up onto its back wheels in an indoor skate center .
A skateboarder jumping down the stairs .
The boy is jumping a skateboard down the steps , surrounded by graffiti covered walls .
A person is standing on a surfboard and riding down a large wave .
A person is surfing on a wave while another person heads towards it .
A surfer in a black wetsuit catching a wave while another one tries to catch up with him .
One surfer rides a wave while another surfer paddles at the base of the wave .
Someone is surfing along a wave with someone else swimming nearby .
A boy and three girls in blue school uniforms walk down a dirt-covered road .
A group of children in blue uniforms walk to class .
Four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees .
Four teens in school uniforms walk down a tropical road .
Group of school children in blue school uniforms .
A group of friends play instruments in the middle of the woods .
A group of people are in the woods playing instruments .
A group of people playing instruments in the woods .
A group of six men stand in a circle playing instruments in a wooded parking lot .
Six men have a band practice in the woods .
A baby boy cries while sitting in the grass at the park .
a boy cries in the grass .
a little boy crying on the grass
A little boy in shorts and sandals is sitting in the grass .
A little boy wearing a hat and sandals sits on the grass .
A couple are holding hands next to a very large mirror outdoors .
A couple stands in the street with their backs to a large mirror .
a girl wearing a red shirt holding the hand of a man near a street .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses is holding hands with a woman wearing a red shirt outside .
A woman in a red shirt and a man in white stand in front of a mirror .
Girls fighting on karate competition .
Two girls are kicking each other in martial arts uniforms .
Two people are performing karate at a tournament .
Two woman are doing karate .
Two women in their karate uniforms kick at one another .
A child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline .
A little boy in a red outfit is jumping .
A little boy in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline .
A little boy wearing red jumps into the air .
A young boy in a red uniform jumps on a trampoline .
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant .
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant .
Two dogs peeing on a fire hydrant .
Two dogs pee on the fire hydrant .
Two dogs urinating on a red fire hydrant .
A girl cross-country skis .
A girl on skis in snow .
A little girl wearing a purple winter coat and sunglasses skiing in the snow .
Little girl on skis
The young girl is cross-country skiing .
A boy jumps in a gymnastic competition .
A male gymnast upside down in midair .
A track athlete does a pole vault .
A young man is running and performing a trick over a balance beam .
The gymnast does a flip over the bar .
A grey " labradoodle " jumps over another large dog .
one grey puddle jumping in the air in front of another tan dog
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard .
Two dogs playing in grass .
Two dogs , the gray poodle high in the air , play on the grass .
A guy outside playing a guitar and smoking a cigarette .
A man with an electric guitar smokes a cigarette sitting outside .
A scruffy looking man smoking while sitting on the sidewalk and holding a guitar next to a bike of some sort .
A young man is smoking a cigarette while holding a maroon guitar .
Man playing an electric guitar on a sidewalk and smoking a cigarette .
A group of young , naked children showering near large metal containers and a yellow bucket .
a group of young naked children showering outside
Children are bathing in the falling water .
Children bathe in water from large drums .
Naked children bathe outside under a stream of water .
a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick
A dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .
A German Shepherd bites the arm of a man who has on protective gear .
A man trains an attack dog .
The attack dog is biting the cloth the officer with the police baton is holding on to
A man helping a boy ride a bike .
A man helps a boy ride a bike .
A man is helping a little boy learn how to ride a bicycle .
The man helps the boy ride a bike .
The young boy learns how to ride a bike with his dad .
A boy in blue shorts slides down a slide into a pool .
A boy in blue swimming trunks slides down a yellow slide into a wading pool with inflatable toys floating in the water .
A boy rides down a slide into a small backyard pool .
A boy sliding down a slide into a pool with colorful tubes .
A child is falling off a slide onto colored balloons floating on a pool of water .
A boy chasing a yellow ball .
A child in a red and black striped shirt plays with a yellow ball on a wooden deck .
A little boy in a red striped shirt about to head a soccer ball .
A young boy is punching a yellow ball .
A young boy moving towards a yellow ball .
A baby in a green bag peeks out .
A child is mostly hidden in a green shopping bag .
A child is sitting in a green tote bag with only its eyes and hair poking out .
Infant peers from a lime-green shopping bag
Little baby is peeking out of a green grocery bag .
A man in a blue canoe battling through rough waves
A man kayaks through rough water .
A man rows a blue kayak through white water rapids .
Man paddling in blue kayak in the water .
The kayaker braces himself as he goes down the river .
The two boys , one in orange the other in teal , wrestle in the sand .
Two boys are playing in the sand at a playground .
Two boys tussle in the sand at a park .
Two boys wrestle together in the sand .
Two young boys are wrestling in a sand pit .
A blonde woman is standing in the middle of a field of tall pink flowers .
A blonde woman walks through shoulder-high pink tulips , in front of a green field with a small house and trees in the distance .
A woman sitting in a field of flowers
A woman standing among a bunch of pink flowers , with a little shack in the back .
The blonde woman is crouching in a field of pink tulips , near a grassy field and trees .
An orange canoe aimed toward two other canoes on a lake .
Several orange kayakers row in a mountain lake .
Three kayaks are out on the water with a mountain in the background .
Two canoes cross the water , behind them are some houses .
View of a mountain as seen from a kayak .
A child in a fuzzy blue hat on a tricycle .
A little girl with a purple fuzzy hat is riding a tricycle outside .
A little girl with purple hat is riding a tricycle along paved road by some farmland .
A young girl in blue hat and coat is riding a tricycle .
Little kid in blue coat and hat riding a tricycle .
Two children jumping int the sand on a beach , the sand is being kicked up and the water is bright blue .
Two children jump as they run down a large sand dune towards the beach .
Two girls holding hands and jumping as they walk downhill on beach .
Two kids running down a sand dune to the beach .
Two people jump off a sand dune on a beach
A crowd gathered at an ice skating park in the winter .
A crowd of people ice skating outside in winter .
A large crowd of people ice skating .
A large crowd of people ice skating outdoors .
A lot of people iceskate on a cold day .
A female jogger wearing red .
A girl with headphones is running next to some street signs .
A woman in a red outfit is jogging next to several street signs .
A woman jogging across an intersection .
The lady in red shorts jogs near a stop sign while listening to music .
A crowd of people watching a snowboarder do tricks .
A crowd watching a skateboarder .
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a large crowd .
Spectators watch as a snowboarder does a trick .
The kid is showing off on his skateboard in front of a large crowd .
A child does a karate kick and jumps from a red couch .
A child is performing a jump kick pose in midair over a red couch .
Little boy doing a flying kick in a lited room with shadows .
The boy is bouncing on the red couch .
The boy leaps of his bed with a karate kick .
a girl wearing pink swings on a swing .
A little girl is swinging high above a wooden fence on the swing .
a young girl in a pick shirt swinging up in the air on a swing set
The girl is on a swing .
The little girl played on the swing .
A group of four children dancing in a backyard .
Four children , out in a yard , leap into the air .
Four kids are jumping around and playing outside .
Four young kids have a picture taken of them while in midair .
Two boys and two girls jump as they have their photo taken .
A boy goes down a blue slide with his eyes closed .
A young boy slides down a blue slide with his eyes closed while a woman with sunglasses watches , smiling .
A young male child slides down a blue slide while his mom watches .
Child sliding down a blue slide with mother at the top of the slide .
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide , smiling woman in background .
a few girls on a woooden pier eating ice cream cones
A young girl enjoys ice cream with two older women in a pier-like setting .
Two older women and a little girl standing outside under flowers .
Two women and a little girl are eating ice cream .
Two women and child eat ice cream cones on bridge decorated with flowers .
A dog in a harness pulling a pink carrier behind it on snow .
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .
A dog wrapped with straps is walking away from a red tray holding a bag .
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow .
a tan dog wearing a multicolored color running on the beach
A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness while rock climbing .
Girl climbing rock wall
Girl rock climbing on the rock wall .
The woman in glasses is climbing a steep rock wall .
Young woman climbing rock face
A brown dog swimming in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A brown dog swims back to shore after retrieving a yellow tennis ball .
a brown labradoodle retrieves a tennis ball in a lake
The brown dog is swimming .
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A blue boat and orange boat float among lilypads in an outdoor setting .
A man in an orange kayak and a man in a blue kayak paddle around a beautiful lake .
Two guys are kayaking , one orange one blue , down a creek .
Two men are paddling their small canoes through the water .
Two men is separate canoes are in an area full of lillypads .
A dog approachs a small creature in a barren , snowy field .
Black dog in a snowy field .
Black dog running through a grassy area .
Two dogs are running towards some long grass in the scrubland .
Two dogs run in a field of brown grass .
A black dog is running fast on green grass .
A black dog is running in the grass .
A black dog is running in the yard
A black dog is standing on the grass .
A black dog runs and , focusing on something .
A biker jumping extremely high .
A guy flipped over upside down on a bicycle .
A man rides off of a jump and does a trick in air .
An extreme mountain biker making a leap across rough terrain in the woods .
The BMX rider wearing a black helmet gets air off of a jump .
A man surfing a wave .
A man surfs , the foam right behind him .
A person in a wetsuit surfs a big wave .
A surfer rides a large wave on a blue board .
The surfer rides a blue board on a bright blue wave .
A boy with his mouth wide open dressed in a yellow life jacket and goggles in water with a man next to him .
A father and child enjoy the water .
A man and child wearing a yellow life vest look up from the water .
An open mouthed child in goggles and a yellow life vest poses with a smiling man .
Man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture
A man in sunglasses and a hat is seen among a crowd .
A man wearing an oxford shirt , sunglasses , and a hat smirks .
A man wearing sunglasses and a hat near a crowd .
a man wears sunglasses and a hat .
A young man is wearing a brown hat and sunglasses .
A bicyclist is in the air over a ramp .
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp .
A bike rider on a ramp .
A boy doing a bike trick is in midair waiting to come back down .
A guy on a bike goes vertical near a ramp with a grassy , hilly terrain behind him .
A boy with a stick kneeling in front of a goalie net
A child in a red jacket playing street hockey guarding a goal .
A young kid playing the goalie in a hockey rink .
A young male kneeling in front of a hockey goal with a hockey stick in his right hand .
Hockey goalie boy in red jacket crouches by goal , with stick .
A man in a gray shirt and black shorts poses in front of a mountain .
A man in a grey t-shirt standing in front of a snow-covered mountain .
A man poses near a mountain .
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain .
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain .
A crowd of people look at something out of frame , one man takes a picture .
A group of people stop to look at something while one takes a picture .
A woman with a shopping bag labeled " sale " stands in a crowd next to a young man with a camera .
The man is taking a picture while the crowd gathers .
The woman in glasses is holding a red and white sale bag .
A dog chasing another dog by a lake .
A husky chasing a brown spoted dog at the shore .
Two dogs , a spaniel and a husky , chase each other across the sand by a body of water .
Two dogs chase each other near the water .
Two dogs playing by the shore .
A couple sitting together while the man eats corn .
A female wearing yellow and a man eating a corn with a big crowd of people behind them .
A man eats corn on the cob while talking to a woman .
A man with a tattoo on one arm and an ear of corn in the other looks at a woman in a yellow shirt .
A woman in yellow sitting next to a man with a cob of corn .
a dog wearing a yellow collar is bearing his teeth at another dog that is sitting by a tree .
A German shepherd is showing its teeth as it growls at another German shepherd .
A German shepherd barking at another German shepherd in a forest .
Two German sheperds snarling at each other .
Two German Sheppard dogs are fighting .
A boy jumping off a yellow spring board .
A boy jumps off of a structure into a pool .
A child jumps off a slide .
A child jumps off a swing set into a swimming pool .
A youth in red swim trunks jumps into the water from a wooden board .
A boy skateboards on a wooden bench .
A person rides a skateboard off of a wooden bench .
a skateboarder grinds a bench .
Person skateboarding on a wooden bench .
The skateboarder is about to jump from a wooden bench .
A child playing in some leaves .
A laughing little girl sits in a pile of leaves and tosses the leaves in the air .
A little girl playing in a pile of leaves outside .
a young child jumping in a pile of leaves
The small child is playing outside in the fallen leaves .
A boy in blue jumps his skateboard off some steps while his friends watch .
A boy in blue jumps on a skateboard while two others watch him
A group of skaters are at a skate park .
A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch .
Three skateboarders are in a park .
A black dog runs into the ocean next to a pile of seaweed .
A black lav runs into the water on the beach , with swimmers in the distance and sea kelp in the foreground .
A dog at the shore of an ocean , with seaweed in foreground .
A dog is running in the waves at the beach .
A pile of seaweed sits on the sand , behind it a big black dog is running in the water .
A black and white dog is playing with a sheep in a field .
A dog and sheep run together .
A dog herds a sheep .
a sheep chases a dog .
The black and white dog is herding the sheep .
a child in an orange sweater is playing with a child in blue clothes on a white couch under a red painting .
A kid in a yellow shirt wrestles with a denim wearing kid on the white couch .
Two kids are wrestling on a white sofa .
Two toddlers wrestle on a white couch .
Two young boys playing on a white sofa .
A person in a red hat and shoes doing stunts on a red bike while a person in yellow watches .
A person is doing a trick in the air on a bike while his friend takes a picture .
A red bike jumps toward a person in yellow .
Boy in midair on bicycle
Person doing bicycle jump
A child petting a dog .
A little girl is petting her white , fluffy cat .
A smiling girl in orange hold a furry animal .
small girl petting an animal .
Young girl in ponytail pets furry cat
A father with his two kids at the ocean with the young boy flying up in the air .
A little boy jumps from his fathers arms on the beach .
A man tosses a boy into the air at the beach .
An adult man is throwing a child into the air at a beach while another child watches .
A young boy is thrown by a man as a girl watches at the beach .
A dog holds a large stick in its mouth in the woods .
a dog takes a large stick in its mouth .
A small white dog pulls a large stick out of the water .
A white Pug dog is biting and trying to pull a large stick out of some water .
The white dog is pulling a large stick .
A family is looking through binocular at a city over a body of water
Sightseers look across the water at a city .
Three people are standing at a fence looking at a skyscraper filled city while one looks through a binocular scope .
Three people lean against a railing and look at buildings across the water .
Three people standing on boardwalk looking at buildings across the water .
A band of cellos and violins playing in front of a crowd at The Market Gallery .
An orchestra performs .
Five people playing string instruments in public .
Many people are performing music in front of an audience .
The string quintet plays for an audience .
A man is skating through a tunnel .
A person skates along the inside of a long tube .
A rollerblader rides high in a full pipe while others watch
A rollerblader skating inside a tube .
A skateboarder whizzes through a tunnel .
A big thin dog runs fast in a field of grass .
A black dog is running through a field of grass and dandilions .
A black Greyhound running in an open field .
A dog runs through a field .
A very thin , black dog running in a field .
A black man with facial hair wears a navy hat and blue jacket in front of a white background .
A man in blue cap and jacket looks frustrated .
A man wearing a backwards baseball cap .
A man wearing a blue baseball cap is gazing into the distance .
A man with a beard and a navy blue backwards baseball cap stares intently at something in the distance .
A child in a white shirt clapping their hands .
A girl raises her hands up in a crowd of people .
A little boy wearing a white shirt and gray pants appears to be dancing .
A young boy dances in a crowd .
Crowd of people outside with child in center with hands raised .
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog .
A woman is throwing a red Frisbee toward a brown dog .
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog .
The woman wearing the pink jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the dog to catch .
Woman with camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown dog to catch .
A dog is jumping through a fiery obstacle .
A dog is jumping through a flaming hoop .
A light brown dog jumps through a ring of fire while two people watch .
A show dog jumps through a flaming obstacle .
A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop
A girl on a pink scooter pushes herself down a subdivsion sidewalk .
A girl riding a scooter on a sidewalk .
A small child rides down the sidewalk on a scooter in a neighborhood .
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk .
The small child with a red helmet rides a scooter on a sidewalk .
A choir in red uniforms singing in front of a business .
A group of women all dressed in red with yellow flower pins .
A group of women wearing red all rally together .
Five women in red shirts clapping .
Women wearing red and black are clapping .
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale .
A black dog jumps over rolled hay .
A black dog with white paws is jumping on hay bales .
A black dog with white paws jumping from a bale of hay .
Black dog jumps from hay ball to hay ball .
A boy playing basketball , trying to block a shot .
One basketball player in a white uniform jumps up to block another player in a blue uniform with the ball .
The boy in blue has the ball , and the boy in white is airborne .
The boys play basketball .
The opposing basketball players are making a play with an audience nearby .
A little girl playing piggyback with her father on a blanket in the park .
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man 's back while he is laying on a blanket .
A man lies on a blue blanket with a child on his back .
A small girl sitting on a man 's back .
The little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for " Touchdown ! "
A girl in a white coat stands in the middle of a fountain and a boy in the background laughs .
A girl wearing a white coat standing in a fountain .
A girl wearing a white coat stands in the middle of sprinklers .
A wet young girl in a white coat stands among water fountains .
a woman in a white coat is standing amidst some fountains
A brown dog is walking on a wooded path with white flowers .
A corgi is walking down a path in a forest .
A dog is running through a very wooded area with large white flowers .
A dog is walking through an area of heavy foliage along a dirt path .
a dog runs across the path .
A black and white dog leaping out of the water .
A brown and white large dog plays in the water .
A dog runs through water .
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A wet dog emerges from deep water .
Two boys rollerblading .
Two men appear to be having fun rollerblading down a sidewalk .
Two men are rollerblading down a sidewalk .
Two men are rollerskating on a sidewalk
Two men , one wearing a green shirt , the other wearing red are rollerblading .
A woman in a blue tank top and shorts is jogging down an asphalt road .
A woman jogging up a hill with a scenic view behing her
A woman in a purple top and white cap jogging down the road .
Person in blue top and shorts wearing a cap standing on a road with mountain with trees in the background .
The woman in the white hat and blue shorts is jogging in the bicycle lane on a mountain road .
A child in a blue shirt sitting on a forest floor , looking through binoculars .
A child sits in the woods looking up with binoculars .
A girl sitting on the ground in the forest looking through binoculars .
A young girl sits on the forest floor and looks up through binoculars .
The woman with binoculars is sitting on the forest floor looking up .
A girl smokes a cigarette outside in the city .
A woman in a blue jacket is getting a cigarette outside .
A woman in a dark blue coat , cigarette in hand .
A woman smoking a cigarette outside in the snow .
The woman is walking through the snow and trying to light a cigarette .
A couple in old clothing at an outdoor table .
A couple in old fashioned clothes sitting at a table outside
A man and a woman sit by a small table in colonial clothing .
A man and woman dressed in old fashion clothing sit outside at a table .
A man in a suit and top hat and a woman in a blue Victorian dress sitting outside at a table .
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow .
A dog wearing a green sweater and backpack running in the snow
A dog wearing a green sweater and fanny pack walks on a snow-covered field .
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .
A small dog wearing a sweater walking in the snow .
A brown dog is chasing a black dog on the sand .
A dog holding a stick running in the sand , chased by a grey dog .
Two dogs fetch sticks in the snow next to the tree line .
Two dogs running near a line of tall trees .
Two dogs running through sand .
A boy and his dog are standing on a trampoline , enjoying each others company .
A boy looks at a dog while they stand on a trampoline outside .
A buy with glasses petting his bulldog , on the pavement with woods in the background .
A muscular dog with upturned face looking into eyes of a young boy .
Dog with tongue out looking up at a young boy with glasses
A basketball player shooting while another player is trying to block his shot .
A basketball player tries to block another .
Two basketball players reaching for a ball .
Two men are playing Basketball
two men jump for the basketball .
A baseball player in a black shirt just tagged a player in a white shirt .
A woman in a baseball uniform tags another with her mitt .
The number ten player on the white softball team gets tagged at base by a girl on the other team .
Two girls participate in a softball game .
Two girls playing in a game of softball .
a boy runs through the grass .
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over grass .
A little boy in a green soccer uniform is running on the grass .
A little boy wearing a green soccer strip is running on the grass .
Boy wearing a green and white soccer uniform running through the grass .
A skier makes the only path on an empty mountain .
A snowboarder in a red jacket slides down a snowy mountain .
A snowboarder wearing a red jacket is going down a mountain .
a snowboarder wearing red is descending a snow covered mountain .
Skier in red skiing down a snowy mountain .
A baseball player , a woman with Frisbees , and a dog in front of blue bleachers .
A blonde haired girl is doing a trick with her dog that is in the air trying to catch a flying Frisbee .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee while a woman crouches nearby .
A woman thows a Frisbee to a dog as a baseball player in uniform runs behind her .
The girl does freestyle Frisbee tricks with her dog at the baseball park .
A girl in a purple shirt feeding ducks
A girl wearing purple lean over the edge to reach for the ducks .
A little girl dressed in a pink shirt , blue shorts and a pink hair ribbon feeding ducks that are swimming in water .
A little girl leans over the side of a wall to feed ducks in the water .
Little girl feeds the ducks .
a black cow and a brown cow being chased by a dog
A black cow and a brown cow being chased by a dog
A brown and black bull runs from a small black dog .
A brown cow jumps near a black one as a dog herds them .
Dog chasing brown cow and black cow
An asian girl is running outside .
An Asian woman is running on a rocky path .
A woman runs on a chalk white path .
A woman runs on the beach .
A woman with long black hair and a white shirt is running up the sand and tall weeds .
A boy in grey pajamas is jumping on the couch .
A boy in pajama pants jumps on a red couch .
A boy smiles at the camera and jumps in the air over the couch .
a shirtless boy jumps onto the couch .
The boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa .
A girl in a bathing suit plays on the surf .
A girl in a bikini running out of the surf .
A girl is in the surf .
A young girl wearing a blue bathing suit plays in the waves at the beach .
This girl , dressed in a bikini , is leaving the water .
A man is skateboarding up a ramp .
A skateboarder hits a curve at the top of the skate park .
The man in a white shirt is skateboarding .
The man performs tricks on his skateboard in the skateboarding park .
The skateboarder in the white t-shirt is riding on a wooden ramp .
A brown dog runs in the grass with one ear up .
A fluffy dog runs in grass .
A shaggy dog is running through a grassy area .
a small brown puddle running through a grassy yard .
A small dog runs through the grass .
A blond girl earring Groucho Marx glasses .
A girl in pink wears a funny nose mask .
A little girl is smiling whilst wearing a fake nose and glasses .
Blonde girl with pink top smiling while wearing funny glasses with large nose .
Blond little girl wearing novelty glasses .
A boy in a blue and white tie dye t-shirt is skateboarding on the railing of a building .
A boy in a tie dyed shirt is riding a skateboard down a railing .
A kid is skateboarding on a handrail .
A skateboarder goes down a stair railing .
A teenage boy in rides a hand-railing on a skateboard outside a columned brick building .
A woman in a black shirt and white headband stretches in the sunset .
A woman stands with her arms in the air near the water at sunset .
A woman stretches by the ocean at sunrise .
Woman stretching on a beach at sunset .
Young woman lifts arms in shadow , ocean and sunset in background .
A brown dog is standing in the water watching the waves of the ocean on a sunny day .
A brown dog steadies himself on the rocky shore of the ocean , with several waves coming in .
A red dog stands in a rocky shore , its feet in the sea .
The brown dog is in the waving water .
The brown dog is standing on the beach as the waves lap up around its feet .
Two blond dogs fight in a living room .
two brown dogs playing around with each other in a house .
Two dogs bite each others faces inside of a house .
Two dogs biting at each other .
Two dogs play rough with each other indoors .
A man and a boy pose for a picture in a stairway overlooking a waterfall .
A man and a boy posing together behind a fence and a gorgeous waterfall view .
A man and little boy posing for a photo with a beautiful waterfall in the background .
an asian father and child stand in front of a large waterfall .
Man and Boy pose for a photo near a waterfall .
A man is riding a tiny motorcycle through a busy market .
A man on a bike is seen among a crowd of people at an outdoor event .
A man rides a very small bicycle in a small town fair .
A man riding a red motorbike near a large crowd of people by some tents .
many people at a gathering .
A group of eight people are gathered around a table at night .
A group of people gathered around in the dark .
A group of people sit around a table outside on a porch at night .
A group of people sit outdoors together at night .
A group of people sitting at a table in a darkened room .
A person in a green jacket and yellow pants is on a snowboard coming down a roof into the snow .
A snowboarder goes up a ramp .
A snowboarder slides down the side of an A-frame house buried in snow .
Someone snowboards up the roof of a barn .
The snowboarder does a trick off the side of a large green building .
a boy in blue carries a bucket .
A boy in blue swim trunks carries a blue bucket down a crowded beach .
A child walks on the beach with a bucket .
The boy in the blue shorts is carrying a bucket on the beach .
Young boy in blue shorts at the beach .
A man in a light blue sweatshirt walks down a dirt path .
A man is walking down a dirt road with a shop on his right .
A man on a dirt road in a small town
A man walks down an empty street next to a market .
Man walking down a dirt road with stores on the side .
A biker rider jumping high over a dirt hill and seems to be higher than an electric pole .
A motor biker gets massive air off a dirt jump
A person jumps a bicycle off a large dirt ramp .
Brown ramp structure with a person on ski 's in midair .
The cyclist is airborne on his bike as it makes a jump between two mounds of earth .
A group of people ride bikes while holding onto large trash bags .
Four people with shopping carts full of bags .
People riding bicycles carry large plastic bags full of cans .
People transport multiple large trash bags on bicycles and in shopping carts .
People traveling with sacks on bikes and carts .
The children are on a tire swing .
Three children play in a large bowl shaped swing .
Three children ride on a round swing while another watches from the grass .
Three children riding on a large swing .
Three smiling children swing in a tire swing at a playground .
A toddler boy in a sailor suit and a little girl run in the sand .
Two kids run through grey sand .
Two small children walk down a sandy beach .
two smiling kids walking on sand
Two young children are on sand .
A bird is flying through the air .
A blue heron flying .
A gray egret takes flight .
A large bird is in mid flight .
A pelican flies through the air in front of trees .
A girl wearing a halter top eats cake at a table .
a little girl holds up her plate .
A little girl is eating cake and strawberries at a wooden table .
A young girl sits at a table and eats .
The little girl is eating outdoors .
A girl in green walks down a city street .
A small child in green clothing walks past a store opening and a woman in pink pants .
A small child walks down a sidewalk .
A young boy is walking in front of some stores
The child in the green one piece suit is walking past a store window .
A couple kisses at a concert .
A man and a woman kissing while at a show .
A man and woman kiss on a dance-floor while a band plays
A man kissing a woman in a crowd .
The man and woman are hugging and kissing near musicians performing .
Four young children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two boys standing in front and the two girls smiling in the back .
Four young children pose in formally for an informal picture .
Two girls and two boys dressed alike stand together .
Two girls in matching pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching black and white shirts .
Two little girls in matching dresses pose with two little boys in matching outfits .
A GI relaxes and waits at an airport .
A man dressed in military uniform sits down and looks through some papers .
A man in army fatigues is reading something while laying on the floor .
A soldier is looking out of a window .
The soldier looks out the window as he sits with his legs crossed .
A man in beige pants does a trick on a bicycle .
A person is doing a trick on a bicycle with grass and sky as the background .
A person on a bmx bike .
A person stunt riding on a BMX type of bicycle .
This person is doing a trick on his bicycle .
a bald man is doing the splits on the dancefloor
A man in a shirt and tie does the splits on a wood floor
An older man does the splits on a hardwood floor .
Older man in a nice outfit and tie does the splits on a wood floor .
The formally-dressed man smiles upwards as he does a split .
A man in a hat standing in front of a tire shop .
A man standing in front of a garage .
A man with a beard stands in front of a used tires business .
The man at the used tire shop has a white beard .
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop .
A boy rides his skateboard at the park .
A little boy in red skateboarding .
A young boy is skating through a skating park .
A young boy skateboards on a sidewalk at a skate park .
Little boy with red shirt and grey shorts does a trick on a skateboard .
A biker in red rides in the countryside .
A biker on a dirt path .
A person rides a bike off the top of a hill and is airborne .
A person riding a bmx bike on a dirt course .
The person on the bicycle is wearing red .
A woman and a girl ride a sled down a hill standing up .
A woman and a younger girl , both wearing blue jackets and knit caps , slide down a hill on a snow sled , a dog running at their side .
A woman and a young girl riding a sled down a snowy hill while standing .
A woman and girl riding downhill on a sled with a dog running alongside them
Two people on a sled riding down a snowy hill .
A girl and boy look at each other .
A girl smiles and a boy looks up at her .
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them .
Three asian people sitting down .
Two people looking at each other , a third person is not attentive .
Mountain climbing gear on a mountain
Ski equipment , left alone on snowy ski slope .
Ski equipment on the side of a snowy mountain .
Ski equipment sits alone on a snowy mountain
Snowy mountainside with snow gear and poles in forefront .
A girl laying on the tree with a boy kneeling before her .
A girl with bright red hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk .
A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk talking to a man who is crouched down next to her .
A red haired woman in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree .
A woman with pink hair dressed in black talks to a man .
A boy with glasses on standing in the sand throws a yellow balloon in the air .
A person throwing a yellow ball in the air .
A person wearing glasses is in the sand reaching for a yellow ball .
The boy is playing ball in the sand .
The person is throwing a yellow object in the air while standing on sand .
A group of brown dogs are standing on a road with 3 people .
Dogs and their masters gather on a dirt trail .
Several brown dogs of different sizes gather together .
There are 5 brown dogs on leashes with their owners nearby .
Three women are standing among a group of brown dogs .
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair .
Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field .
Two soccer players are going after the ball .
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match .
Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field .
A boy wearing a white headband is kicking a soccer ball down the field .
A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field .
A soccer game is going on at sundown .
A soccer player is kicking a soccer ball .
At dusk , a soccer player kicks the ball off the sidelines .
A man in a wetsuit is throwing a baby wearing a wetsuit up into the air .
A man in a wetsuit is throwing a toddler up in the air and is ready to catch him .
A man in water throwing a little boy up in the air and waiting for him to come down so he can catch him .
The man is in the pool and throwing a small boy into the air .
While water droplets fly , a man throws a little boy up in the air .
A girl in white is swinging a sword .
A lady shows her sword
A woman is swordfighting with an unseen opponent .
Boy in martial arts-style uniform holding a sword .
Two women watching people in white shirts , one of those persons holding a sword .
A girl basketball player wearing blue is blocking another girl player wearing yellow .
A group of people gather on a basketball court as one person jumps for the ball .
Basketball players jumping up for the ball during a game .
Girls are playing basketball .
two teams of players playing basketball on a court outside .
A spotted dog , a black dog , and a puppy converging on a tennis ball .
Three dogs are playing in the grass .
Three dogs play in a grassy field .
three dogs running around in the grass with woods in the background
Two large dogs are playing in a large grassy area .
A lady stand in front of a red truck holding her dog .
A woman carrying a black and white dog on a sidewalk in front of parallel parked cars .
A woman holding a white and black dog .
A young lady poses for photo with her dog .
Woman holding dog on street .
A boy in a red hooded-coat is riding a pool broom like a horse in an empty pool .
a little boy wearing a raincoat plays with a mop .
A little kid in a red jacket riding a broom like a horse .
Boy in raincoat straddle stick outside .
The child in raingear is dragging a broom through a puddle .
dogs racing
A group of dogs wearing muzzles running a race .
Four muzzled black and white dogs racing over a jump .
Four white dogs are running and jumping with masks over their mouth .
Four white dogs with muzzles jump over a red wall .
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass .
A brown dog running with a long stick in his mouth .
The brown dog carried the stick in the grass .
The large brown dog is running through the grass with a large stick in its mouth .
A girl in a pink shirt jumping from one couch to another in a well apportioned living room .
a little girl in a pink cardigan is jumping from the couch .
A little girl in a pink shirt has jumped into the air in her house .
A little girl jumps through the air to land on the sofa .
Girl jumps from couch to couch .
A blonde boy in green is on a swing .
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting in a swing .
A young child smiling while on a swing at a playground .
The small child is leaning back in a child swing .
Toddler boy smiling while in a swing
A man jumps off of a dock and into the water .
A person jumping off a dock into water .
Person jumping into the water .
The boy jumps into the water off of a dock .
The person wearing shorts and a shirt is jumping off a dock , into the water .
A man in a blue shirt and beard looks at something that he is holding .
A man with a bread looking at his camera .
A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background .
An old man adjusts his camera .
An old man is examining his camera while a younger man is singing nearby .
a man climbs a mountain .
A man climbs the side of a mountain .
A shirtless man climbs a wall in nature .
One man is climbing a rock wall , while another man , below , holds a rope .
two men climbing a mountain
A boy blowing bubbles .
A boy in a blue shirt blows bubbles .
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles .
A boy is blowing bubbles
A young boy wearing a blue shirt blows bubbles .
A girl standing in an enclosed place
A girl stands alone while a man raises his arms in the background .
A teenage girl stands in a large industrial garage with two boys sitting in the background .
a woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
Young lady standing alone waiting .
A boy flying a red and white kite .
A boy is flying a kite and smiling at the camera .
A child flying a kite .
A little boy is flying a kite high up in the air .
Boy flying a distant kite .
A boy on a skateboard is at the top of a ramp .
A person in a plaid shirt riding a skateboard on a half-pipe .
A skateboarder on a ramp .
Person in plaid shirt make a jump on a skateboard on a ramp .
The boy safely skates up the ramp before descending again .
A girl is wearing a blue wig under a brown hooded jacket .
A man wears an interesting blue wig in public
A person with blue hair , a baseball cap , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .
Man with brown coat and sunglasses wears a blue wig and ball cap .
One person in a crowd of people , wearing a blue wig
A girl in a pink shirt is riding a bicycle in traffic .
An Asian woman rides a bicycle in front of two cars .
A woman in a pink sweater rides her bike alongside cars .
A woman is riding her bicycle down the street .
A woman wearing a pink sweater rides a bike with a car behind her .
Many people riding a hanging roller coaster .
People are upside-down on a roller coaster .
People hang upside down as a roller coaster executes a spiral loop-the-loop .
The roller coaster is going through a twist , turning the people upside down .
This is a twisting , turning roller coaster ride , filled with people .
A brown dog and black dog are foraging in some brush-land .
A light brown dog and a black and brown dog are in some dry brush .
A yellow and black dog looking in the same direction standing in some brush .
One tan dog with a stick and one mostly black dog .
Two dogs playing outside .
A man in black swimming gear parasails .
A man windsurfing
A man windsurfs with a group of other windsurfers .
The man in the black suit is in the water on a white and red board with a sail .
The man is on a ski boat in the water .
A woman helping a toddler to swim in a pool .
A woman in a white swim cap teaches a toddler how to swim in a swimming pool .
A woman is holding a boy in a swimming pool .
A woman wearing a white swim holds a small boy in the swimming pool .
Woman teaching young boy how to swim .
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow .
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow .
Two brown dogs play in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow .
The two children , one with a scarf tied around their forehead , walk down a modeling runway .
Two boys are walking along the stage whilst being watched by several people .
Two children walking on a platform .
Two children wearing denim walk on a runway .
Two little kids walk the catwalk showing off their fashion .
Three people are looking into photographic equipment .
Three women are looking into a camera .
Two women are operating a laptop connected to a camera in a parking lot with a third person standing by .
Two women on a movie set reviewing film
Two women reviewing pictures they took .
A wet brown dog is jumping into the air to try and catch a basketball with his mouth .
A wet brown dog is playing with a white ball .
A wet brown dog jumps up to get a white basketball .
a wet dog chasing a white ball
The wet dog leaped toward the basketball .
A man holding a cup rides down an elevator .
A man holding a drink is coming down an escalator .
A man on an escalator carrying a red and white cup looking up .
A young man holding a drink is going down a green escalator .
Man with cup looking up while riding on an escalator
A diver midair against an urban background .
A girl is jumping off a high dive in an urban setting .
A man is bouncing on a trampoline next to tall buildings and a church .
A person in a swimsuit is diving off a building .
A person is performing a diving stunt off a tall building .
A boy has climbed to the top of a slide .
A child at the top of a slide .
A child climbs to the top of a slide .
A child smiles happily as he holds onto a metal bar .
A small boy wearing glasses and a hat is looking at something and smiling .
A man surfing .
A person surfs in the ocean .
A surfer catching a large wave in the ocean .
Surfer riding a wave
Surfer wearing a wetsuit at the crest of a wave .
A boy bites hard into a treat while he sits outside .
A child biting into a baked good .
A small boy putting something in his mouth with both hands .
The boy eats his food outside at the table .
The boy is eating pizza over a tin dish .
A girl reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .
A small child kissing a cat on the kitchen counter .
A young girl standing next to a yellow cat on a kitchen countertop .
Little girl in kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange cat .
The little girl is kissing the brown cat .
A bare chested man with a fierce expression on his face squats on a skateboard beside a furry dog .
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard .
A man on a skateboard is squatting next to a large dog .
A man on a skateboard poses with a dog .
A man wearing no shirt rides a skateboard with a brown dog .
A black dog and a brown dog are playing rough on green grass .
A brown dog is biting a black dog .
A German shepherd and a tan dog are fighting .
A tan dog and a black dog fighting inside a fenced yard .
Two dogs biting each other playfully while jumping
A girl in a pink dress plays with a hula hoop .
A girl wearing a pink dress swings a hula hoop around her neck .
A little girl in a pick dress hula hoops with her neck outside .
Blond girl paying with a hula hoop .
Blond haired girl in pink dress with blue striped hula-hoop swinging around her neck .
The dog with the green collar and ball is running behind the dog with the red collar
Two dogs enjoy playing in the cold of the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow together .
Two dogs run through the snow .
a black dog jumping into some water to catch a red and blue Frisbee
A black dog jumps into the water to get a Frisbee while a boat sits in the back .
A dog is jumping into the water
The black dog is wearing a red collar and is jumping into the water after a Frisbee .
The black dog jumps above the water towards a Frisbee floating near a boat .
A man paddling in water .
A person paddles a boat on a lake .
Beautiful scenery with a boat on the lake .
Person canoes in lake .
The person is in a conoe and holding a paddle in front of some mountains .
A black man in a red shirt .
A man sits on a train with a suit and red shirt .
A man who looks sad holding a tissue riding on a city bus .
black man in red shirt with tie sitting on a bus
The man in the red shirt and flowery tie is sitting on a bus by the window .
An exited girl in a bright pink shirt is observed by another girl in a light pink shirt .
Two children in pink shirts in front of a store with a bear on the sign and on the window .
Two girls are standing outside of build-a-bear .
Two little girls in front of the Build a Bear workshop .
Two young girls play together in a mall .
A man hangs upside in the air over the water .
an upside down man doing a flip on a waterski board
A person did a side flip while water boarding .
A person upside down on a water board .
A wakeboarder performs a flip while being towed at high speed .
A girl runs through an obstacle course outside as some boys watch .
A group of children on a sidewalk by two clear pitchers .
Four boys and a girl on a sidewalk and grass .
The girl is playing while four boys look on .
The girl runs in the grass while others watch .
A dog bites a cat whiel they lay on a bed together .
A white dog biting an orange cat on the bed , pillows behind .
A white dog biting at an orange cat .
A white dog in a red collar biting an orange tabby cat on a bed .
White dog biting orange cat .
children looking through magazines they have folded into tubes
Four children hold rolled up magazines to their eyes .
Four children looking through rolled up booklets .
Four children look through rolled magazines like telescopes .
Four children look through rolled-up magazines .
The two church officials wear black robes and purple hats .
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building .
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church .
Two priests stand on some stairs in front of a building .
Two religious men glancing off to their right while standing in front of a church .
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope .
A crowd of children in white shirts , black shorts and white hats jumping rope .
A small child jumping rope as other children clap their hands over their heads nearby .
Group of asian children dressed in white shirts and hats performing with a crowd looking on .
Several children are all engaging in excersise
a lone man wearing sunglasses sitting on a concrete wall
A man sits by a dock looking at the water .
A man sits on a dock with a bottle of water .
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water .
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty .
A boy and a girl are bending under a fence to look over a ledge .
Two children look down squeezing through a fence .
Two children peek through a fence and down at water .
Two children peer over a rusty ledge .
Two children trying to squeeze under some metal bars
The two children are in the bed with comic books .
two boys reading superhero books
Two boys read spiderman and xmen comic books .
Two children read in bed .
Two young boys read comic books in bed .
a man falling off of a surfboard in the ocean
A surfer flies over a crashing wave .
A surfer is falling into a big ocean wave
Surfer in black wetsuit falling off his board into the water .
The surfer is wiped out by the wave .
A dog and its owner takes a run .
A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog .
A woman in a black sweatshirt is walking on a dock with a wet dog .
A woman walks a dog down a wooden path .
The girl with the black T-shirt is out with a large brown dog .
A black dog bounds across the sand .
A dog walking across the desert .
A short black dog is walking over a barren landscape .
A small black dog running across the sand .
A small black dog walks in the sand .
A biker is racing to keep up with the runners
a biker rides down the street .
A man on a red bicycle rides past several pedestrians .
A man with something orange on his helmet riding a bike in a busy setting .
Man rides on bicycle as other people walk .
A bunch of people and some camels .
A group of men and some camels are in front of some water .
Men with camels gather on a beach .
People and camels at a beach .
People and camels sitting and standing on beach
A man in a blue swimsuit jumps from a cliff into the water while another man watches .
A man jumping off of rocks into a pool of water .
One boy in orange shorts standing on a rock cliff over water , while the other boy in black shorts jumps off into the water .
Two males on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
Two males on a rock over water , one in midair jumping into the water .
A man in a suit along the railing of a balcony that has a very high view .
a man stands alone near a white fence .
A man stands and reads something by a railing overlooking a town .
A man stands at the end of a pier reading a book against a blue sky .
Man is standing next to the railing with beautiful clouds in the background .
A black and white dog biting onto a chunk of ice .
A black and white dog with a chunk of snow it its mouth while walking on a snowy surface .
A brown and white dog is carrying a snowball .
A brown and white dog walks in the snow with a big chunk of snow in his mouth .
A long-haired brown and white dog carries a snowball in his mouth .
An Asian boy and an Asian girl are running through a field of tulips .
Boy and girl running through large field of red flowers .
Two children in a field of red flowers .
two children in a field of red poppies
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers .
two black dogs playing fetch with a red toy
Two black dogs run through the snow with a red toy in one dog 's mouth .
Two dogs are chewing at a red object whilst running in the snow .
Two dogs fighting over a toy in the snow .
Two dogs playing together in the snow .
A man in a green hat is someplace up high .
A man in a green hat is taking a self portrait .
A man in a hat at a scenic overlook .
a man wearing a green canvas hat with a distnat city in the background
Man with green hate and sunglasses on a high up peak
The three children are standing on and by a fence .
Three boys are standing in a row along an upraised wall and rail , each a level higher than the one before .
Three children stand on or near a fence .
Three little boys , one wearing a cowboy hat look over a fence .
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence .
A girl with Indian clothing on and henna on her hand goes through paperwork .
A woman wearing jewelry holds a piece of paper and looks down .
A woman wears a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry .
The lady in the multi-colored shirt has a necklace on a white object in her hand .
The woman with a henna tattoo holds a piece of paper in her left hand .
a large woman stands in the street .
A woman in a white shirt standing on a street
A woman stands on a street .
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street .
The woman sips her drink on the sidewalk .
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building .
One man holding a post and another man and woman waiting to cross the street looking to their left .
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building .
Three people are waiting on the curb as a man walks by .
Two elderly men and one elderly woman standing on a sidewalk staring to their left .
A group of people dressed up colorfully .
A group of people stand while wearing bright and colorful costumes .
Four people are standing in front of a white building wearing colorful costumes .
People dressed in colorful Mardis Gras outfits pose very suggestively for the camera .
People in colorful costumes and masks .
A guy on a log .
A man sitting on an old piece of wood outside .
A man wearing a large backpack is sitting in the grass near a lake .
A man with a backpack sits on a fallen log by the river .
Man kneeling while petting large bird in front of river .
A boy wearing black walks down the street with his hands in fists .
A teenage boy dressed in black stands on a snowy street .
A teenage boy wearing all black tries to look tough with cheap jewelry on .
A young man wearing a black hat and jacket is walking outside .
Punk rock teenager walks with a mean look on his face .
a lone surfer riding a huge wave .
A person riding a surfboard comes up over a large wave .
A surfer flips his board so it is perpendicular to the ocean .
A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean .
The surfer makes a reentry move on a wave .
A large white bird goes across the water
A white bird is flying off the water surface .
a white bird preparing to catch something in the water
The large white bird 's reflection shows in the water .
White bird walking across wet sand .
A boy in black is jumping .
A boy jumping with a sunset in the background .
A young boy is wearing khaki pants and a black long sleeve shirt .
The child is jumping at dusk .
Young boy jumping with sunset behind him
Girls with orange hair standing on the street with some kind of bottle in their hand .
two girls walking in the street
Two girls walking next to each other and talking .
Two teenage girls dressed like hippies walk and talk .
Two women , one with a head bandanna , are standing next to each other while one holds a bottle .
A Arabian dressed lady leans backwards holding a skinny crooked sword .
A costumed woman with a sword does a backbend .
A woman bending over backwards .
A woman in a belly dancing outfit bending over backwards .
A woman in a dance costume is bending over backward and holding a sword .
A girl sits and laughs while in a kiddie pool .
A little girl in a metal tub filled with water .
A little girl is sitting in a metal tub filled with water .
A small girl in a tub of water .
A smiling young girl wearing a swimsuit is soaking in a tub of water .
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle .
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle .
Three puppies laying on a couch with a bottle of milk , one with its mouth wide open .
Three puppies on a couch next to a bottle of milk .
Three puppies play on a couch .
A fan sitting on someone 's shoulders is waving to a woman on a stage that says Amnesty International .
A man in blue jeans is sitting on the shoulders of another person as he interacts with a woman performer onstage at a concert .
A woman onstage points to a man holding up his hand
A woman with a microphone on a stage points the microphone at a man who is standing in the audience in front of her
Woman onstage at Amnesty International event exchanges gestures with man offstage .
A lady fastens someone 's ice skates in the snow .
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person .
A woman attending the boots of another in the snow .
A woman fixes someone 's shoes .
Skier on a snowy hill has his boots check by a red-vested man
A little boy jumping from one chair to another .
A young boy jumps from one black chair to another .
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another .
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
A young boy leaps from chair to chair .
A black woman and two black men outside
A woman and two men looking in different directions .
A woman and two young men , standing close to one another .
A woman wearing a light blue coat looks to the left while a man looks to the right .
A woman wearing sunglasses standing next to two men .
A dirt biker is taking a large jump wearing a yellow suit .
A man in yellow performs a bike trick .
A motocross bike is jumping through the air over a dirt track .
A person wearing yellow is taking a jump on a dirt bike .
The motorcycle racer in a yellow uniform is in midair .
A blurry dog inside on a carpet .
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy .
A dog standing up on two legs with something in his mouth .
Dog jumping up with something in its mouth .
The furry brown and white dog is jumping around near a door .
Two men at the beach twirl sticks with fire at the ends .
Two men carry long objects on the sand .
Two people are twirling fire sticks whilst standing on the sand .
Two people juggle fire sticks in the mud .
Two people stand out on the beach and hold long sticks that have flames on each end .
A girl wearing a brown jacket and blue jeans has on some white headphones and is walking .
A girl wearing earphones walks past a traffic cone .
A woman in black and red listens to an Ipod , walks down the street
A woman wearing headphones is walking past a road cone .
A woman wearing headphones walks down the street .
A BMX biker flies in the air off of a ramp .
A bmx rider rides up a jump and into the air .
A boy on a bike descends a half pipe .
A man is riding his bicycle up in the air off of a ramp .
Bicycle rider airborne on a ramp .
A man and child underwater in a swimming pool holding their breath .
Kids swimming underwater in the pool .
Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool .
Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool and a girl is swimming in the background .
Two boys are swimming underwater with a woman in the background .
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field .
a black and brown dog runs .
A dog with no tail runs in the dirt .
a lone dog running in a dirty road
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted .
A bus is carrying people while decorated with banners in the colors of the rainbow .
A group of people on a bus with colorful flags wave at the people below .
People are waving from a bus covered in rainbow flags .
People in a tall bus wave while holding colorful flags .
People riding on a tour bus in a parade wave to the bystanders .
A teenage boy with a white headband looking right , a crowd in the background .
a young man wearing a grey and black shirt and a white headband
Teenager standing up with a headband on
The one teen has a headband and the other one a hat .
Young man in a headband with other young people in background .
A girl falling off a yellow and blue water tube .
A woman hanging onto the end of a raft .
A woman holds onto a blow-up raft as it is pulled over the water .
A woman rides an inflatable tube pulled by a boat .
A young woman tubing on water .
A blue rally car pulls away from the spectators watching from the side of the track .
A car is being driven on a trail while people on both sides of the road look on .
A race car zooms while onlookers watch .
A racing car goes through a dirt course while fans watch .
Blue race car riding on dirt path with onlookers .
A little dog chases a Chihuahua .
Dogs enjoy chasing each other in the park .
Some dogs running through the park .
Two dogs are running around in a fenced in area .
Two dogs run through a field .
A man and a woman standing outside a restaurant .
A man and a woman tak outside of a coffee house .
The woman in a red jacket is talking to a man outside of a store .
Two people are standing outside of a coffee house .
Two people stand outside a restaurant in the city .
A bald eagle near a pond of water .
A bald eagle sits on the bank of a creek .
A bald eagle stands in shallow water .
An eagle standing in water .
The bird walks in the water near rocks .
A man in a blue shirt lifts up his tennis racket and smiles .
A man playing tennis looks very happy .
A tennis player in a blue shirt celebrates his match .
A tennis player wearing a blue shirt raises his hands and smiles .
The tennis player in the blue shirt is holding his racquet up in the air .
A group of people gather with only their legs showing and one of them is holding a cigarette .
a man holds a cigarette .
Hands and feet of several people holding cigarettes .
No faces are shown in this picutre of jeans and sweatshirts .
The legs and lower bodies of people sitting and smoking .
A group of dogs walk around outdoors .
Several dogs are running down a cement and dirt path , with two brown ones in the lead .
Several dogs are running outside , with two vehicles in the background .
Several dogs are running through the dirt .
Two puppies jump from a concrete slab onto the grass .
A car is driving towards a green mountain .
A nice neighborhood street in the beautiful green foothills .
A small town lies at the base of verdant mountains .
A town and a green mountain in the back .
A town at the foothills of a mountain is seen bustling with typical daytime activity .
A group of women dressed as characters from star treck .
Four women dressed in costume , one with a pink wig , look to the left .
Four women dressed up in funny costumes .
Four women pose in their alien costumes .
Three women wearing wigs .
An adult is attending to child on a crowded path surrounding a body of water .
A woman bends over to attend to her child in a yellow jacket .
A woman wearing a backpack leans down to speak with a young child .
Children at the park with their parents .
Woman in yellow shirt bending over boy crouching on the ground .
A rock face is covered with snow and ice .
A rocking climbing mountain inside a building .
a view of some large snowcapped mountains
Beautiful mountain scenery and a ski lift .
There is a pile of white snow .
The kids play in the wooded area near the water .
Three children in jackets looking at water 's edge looking at their reflections in a lake
Three children looking into the water on a wooded lakeside .
Three children play near a placid lake in a wooded area .
Three children stand next to a lake with their reflections on the water .
A group of people rowing a boat .
a group of people rowing a large rowboat in the lake .
A skull of rowers on a lake .
A team paddles their long boat through the water with trees behind .
Many people ride in a canoe near a forest .
a crowd of people are at a fair in front of booth where giant teddy bears can be won .
A picture of a crowd of people and hanging teddy bears at a stand .
Large stuffed bears hang above a carnival game .
Many people are crowded around a game table with toy bears hanging over it .
People at an indoor carnival featuring a game with large stuffed animals as prizes .
A heavy set couple sitting in lawn chairs on the grass with a brown dog at their feet .
An elderly man and woman are sitting on lawn chairs holding onto the leash of a brown dog .
People sit in chairs at a park with a dog .
People sitting in chairs while dog lies in grass
Some people in a park with a dog and folding chairs .
A boy in the woods .
A boy wearing a white shirt climbs on a forest hill .
A little boy in blue jeans climbs a small incline in the woods and turns around to smile .
A smiling boy kneeling in a forest .
A young boy smiling in the woods .
A woman and a man playing instruments .
A woman in a plaid skirt and black top plays an electric violin .
A woman in a plaid skirt is playing a violin in a park-like setting with other band members .
A woman in black tights is holding a fiddle .
A woman is playing violin in a plaid skirt and black shirt .
A large orange dog and a little orange dog with another third dog in the grass .
Three dogs greeting each other in a field of green grass .
Three dogs sniffing each other .
Two dogs and a puppy .
Two little dogs are lying on the green grass and a larger dog looks down on them .
A brown dog in a field .
A brown dog is staring into the distance while standing on dry grass .
a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field .
A brown dog stands in the dry long grass and looks to the right .
The brown dog is standing in a dry grass field .
A woman biking along a trail surrounded by various plants .
A woman rides a bike on a trail through a field .
A woman rides a bike over a dirt path through the long grass .
A woman riding a bicycle in a field .
Woman on bicycle riding down dirt trail .
A man and a woman are using a machine built into the wall .
A man and a woman look at pictures on a machine marked " other people 's photographs . "
A man and a woman looking at a photograph kiosk .
A man and woman are looking at an exhibit entitled ' Other People 's Photographs ' .
Two individuals use a photo kiosk
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite .
A young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background .
A young girl is flying a kite in a field beside a lot of buildings .
The child is running through the grassy field .
Young girl in red top and striped pants running with a kite .
A football player tries diving after another player .
A pro football player tackles another player on the goal line in a crowded stadium .
Football player in white and purple uniform with legs being tackled by player in red and white uniform .
Football player tackling another player in a football game .
The red football player is grabbing the purple and white player 's leg to try and stop him .
A girl is riding her bike at night .
A person on a bicycle rides down the city sidewalk at night .
A person walks in the dark near streetlights .
A street light lit bridge with a cyclist and some cars .
The person is bicycling on the street at nighttime .
A group stands on tan checkered tiles .
many people stand around reading .
People are standing on a railway platform reading newspapers .
People stand reading papers while waiting for a subway .
People waiting for train on tiled platform .
A baby boy picks at his hair , while holding a red and yellow ball .
A blonde haired toddler is holding a soft red and yellow soccer ball .
A little kid holding a yellow and red soccer toy .
A small child holds a stuffed soccer ball .
A young boy looks at a yellow and red stuffed soccer ball .
A black and white dog with a spotted face is running through a dirt field .
A dog is running .
a dog runs across the ground .
A white and black dog is running over dirt .
The black and white dog trots through the dirt .
A boy wearing a brown shirt and hat sits on a box next to a girl in front of a store .
A girl with a toboggan and sunglasses smiles with her friend in the background as they do crafts .
Some teenagers smile from an outdoor table .
Ther are two young ladies sitting on crates with big smiles .
The two seated girls smile towards the camera .
A crowd of people are sitting in seats in a sports ground bleachers .
a group of people sitting at a sporting event .
A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign .
People wait patiently in the seats for the show to begin .
Two men wearing hats are shown at the front of a crowd of people .
A Jack Russell Terrier jumps into a stream .
A white dog is running into a river .
A white dog runs into a lake .
A white dog wearing a red tag with brown on the left side of its face is jumping into the water .
A white dog with brown marks jumps from the bank into the water .
A baby stands on the side of a couch and knocks over a lamp .
A small child climbs onto the arm of a red couch .
Baby indoors , climbing on red couch arm , reaching for lamp .
Small girl in a teal dress on the arm of a chair reaching for a floor lamp .
Woman sitting on a red couch inside the house .
An older woman with a small dog in the snow
A woman and a cat are outside in the snow .
A woman in a brown vest is walking on the snow with an animal .
A woman with a red scarf covering her head walks with her cat on snow-covered ground .
Heavy set woman in snow with a cat
A homeless man stands in the street with a black dog .
A man and a dog , with a shopping cart full of items .
An old man and his dog are standing otuside with a cart .
An old man with a large belly is next to a filled shopping cart and a dog on the street .
A scruffy fat man is standing next to a dog and a shopping cart full of stuff .
A man holding up a sign , surrounded by a lot of people .
A man holding up a sign with a crowd in the background .
a man holds a pro Judea protest sign at a protest rally
A man in a crowd holds a sign that says " Those who blame Israel are hypocrites . "
A man with a black coat carrying a pro Israel protest sign .
The children are playing in the water .
Two boys , one with a yellow and orange ball , play in some water in front of a field .
Two boys play in a puddle .
Two children play with a balloon in mud on a sunny day .
Two kids are running and playing in some water .
A boy in a black helmet and red long sleeve shirt rides his motorbike over a rocky stream .
A man on a motorcycle steers through swampy terrain
A man rides his bike over rocks and a creek .
A motocross bike is being ridden between markers in a running stream .
A person is dirt biking over rocks and water .
A beautiful brown and white St Bernard running in the snow
A St Bernard lunges through the snow .
Large St Bernard dog wearing red collar galloping through the snow .
St Bernard dog running in the snowy field .
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow .
a bmx rider gets some air .
A man in a black t-shirt is jumping something on his orange bike .
A man on an orange bike .
A man on an orange bike jumps in the air with the city line behind him .
The man is performing a trick with an orange bicycle .
A baby crawls on a wood floor near a bottle of water .
A baby crawls on hardwood floors towards a water bottle .
A baby on a wood floor with a water bottle
An infant is crawling on a wood floor , with a water bottle laying nearby .
A young baby crawls across the wood floor towards the water bottle .
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt .
A group of people perform together onstage .
Costumed performers stand onstage with their arms outstretched .
Performers performing a play .
Three people are doing ballet exercises in extravagant costumes .
a large man dozes off on the bus .
A man with a black shirt that says " Genetic Freak " is sleeping on a bus .
Man wearing hat and t-shirt with " Genetic Freak " sleeping on public transportation .
The heavy man is sitting on a bus and sleeping .
Three people , one wearing a t-shirt and baseball cap , are seated on a bus .
Some young boys hang out around their car .
Three men standing in front of a parked white care
Three teenage boys standing in front of a white car
Three young black men lean againest a white jeep .
Three young men lean on the front of a Toyota truck .
People with black balloons on them climbing dirt hill
Two balloon artists are standing and sitting on a dry dirt hill .
Two men wear funny looking black suits while climbing a mountain on a clear sunny day .
Two people in black outfits , surrounding themselves in black balloons in a desert
Two people with balloons climb a hill .
A boy punching with a spray of snow .
A lean young man in the mountains , throwing snow .
A shirtless boy punches snow .
A shirtless young man punches snow as if he was selling perfume .
A young boy plays in the snow without a shirt on .
a biker bikes through the woods .
A girl on a bike is wearing a backpack and a helmet , and riding through a wooded area .
A mountain biker rides in the woods .
A woman rides her bike by some trees .
a woman wearing a black helmet riding on a bike
a broen haired woman wearing a black coat with coffee in her hand
A girl holds her iced drink in her gloved-hand with a look of concentration on her face .
A woman in black holding a cup of ice cream .
This woman is dressed in black and holding a cup .
Woman in black with beverage , with blurry urban background .
A brown and white dog is running around a pole .
A multicolored dog runs around obstacles on a course .
Collie dog races around a pole .
dog running around red and white poles
The dog is running around a white and pink pole .
A girl standing in the ocean
a girl walks in the ocean .
A woman in a red jacket stands on the beach facing the water as it covers her feet .
A woman is watching the tide .
Woman standing on the shore of a beach .
A brown dog wearing an orange collar leaping to catch a bright colored ball .
A dog catching a ball
A dog leaps away with a ball in its mouth .
A dog leaps high to catch a ball .
A jog is jumping in the air to catch a ball in a backyard .
a bearded man takes a nap .
A man has fallen asleep with his mouth open .
a man snoring
A man with a beard sits among orange chairs .
A man with a beard sleeps in a chair , computer banks behind him .
An elderly woman in burgundy scratches her face as she observes a young man in a blue jacket and white baseball cap .
An elderly woman is looking at a teenage boy
A woman scratching her face .
There are two people , a lady with a big ring on her finger , and a boy wearing a blue jacket .
The woman in red clothing is wearing a ring and looking at a boy in blue clothing .
A man climbing up on a rock ledge .
A man climbs some rocks .
A man in black pants climbing a rock wall .
Man without shirt climbing rock face .
The man is scaling a large brown boulder .
A lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her .
A shawled woman sits with others .
a small group of people sitting together outside .
A woman in a headscarf sits near children in a box decorated with flowers and balloons .
The old woman is sitting with the children surrounded by streamers .
The middle eastern woman wearing the pink headscarf is walking beside a woman in a purple headscarf .
Two Muslim woman wearing their head scarves and frowning faces .
Two women are wearing lavender scarves an their heads .
Two women dressed with scarves over their heads look angrily at the photographer .
Two women in head wraps .
Adults and children stand and play in front of steps near a wooded area .
A family stands in a paved courtyard in an park in fall .
A group of people stands talking to each other , while one girl in the group holds a bicycle .
The adults and children are gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement .
The girl with the red bike is wearing red pants .
A half naked man pushes against the trunk of a fig tree .
A man with no shirt is climbing a rock ledge .
A man without a shirt on is rock climbing .
A shirtless man climbs a rock wall .
A very fit man is leaning against a tree .
A curly haired dog tries to bite another dog wearing a green and orange collar .
One brown dog is bearing its teeth at another brown dog with a green collar in a park .
Two brown dogs playing .
Two dogs , one with its mouth open .
Two golden dogs playing with one another
A man is about to be tackled in the rugby game .
A player tackling his opponent in a game of rugby .
A soccer player in red being tackled by a soccer player in green .
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
Rugby players tackling each other .
a black dog is running across a grassy field in front of some bushes .
A dog in a grassy park jumping and playing .
A dog with a muzzle on .
A muzzled greyhound leaps over grassy ground .
The black dog leaps into the air in the grass .
A first baseman makes a catch as a runner comes up .
A person leans forward to catch a baseball while a runner comes close to the base .
Girls playing softball as one girl runs to a base and second girl reaches out her glove .
Parents watch as girls play softball in a game .
Two girls are playing softball .
A helicopter and a small plane are in the air .
A helicopter is flying behind a plane that is performing aerobatics .
A plane and a helicopter in the sky . houses seen underneat and people sitting .
A plane flying sideways .
Crowd watching airplane and helicopter in the sky .
Four people rollerskating with spectators in the background .
Four women competitively rollerskating around an area .
four women rollerblade .
Three women participate in a roller derby .
Women skaters on a skating rink in athletic equipment .
A black and brown dog wrestle , and a little dog watches .
Several dogs are playing in the grass near a boat .
Several dogs play outside near a boat .
three dogs wrestle for a toy .
Two dogs tussling over a stuffed toy on a yard , with a boat in its carrier the background .
Boys running up a stone road towards a brick building .
Four boys run away up an incline .
four children are running up a path towards a red brick building .
Four children run up a small hill .
The four children are running to a brick building .
A boy turning a somersault in his yard .
A child does cartwheels in the yard .
A child performing a cartwheel in a yard .
A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown .
A little boy is attempting to do a cartwheel .
A brown dog with a black collar stands next to a bush .
A caramel colored dog sits in front of trees looking forward .
A sad looking dog sitting next to shrubs .
Stretched image of a brown dog with a white patch of fur in his chest area sitting in the grass with trees in the background .
The brown dog is wearing a black collar .
A guy is pointing with a girl sitting beside him .
A man and a woman are smiling
An Asian man and woman smile while the man points to something to the right of the picture .
There is an Asian man and woman , both smiling , and he is pointing at her .
two people laugh .
A swan is above water .
A swan landing in a lake .
A swan taking off from the water .
A white swan is skimming across the surface of the water .
The large white bird swoops down hovering above the water .
Two guitarists dressed in white perform .
Two guitar players dressed in white
Two men in white suits play the guitar on a stage .
Two men wearing all white kneel on the floor , palying guitar .
Two men wearing white suits play guitar onstage .
A man playing the Trumpet into a microphone .
A man plays the trumpet onstage
A young man in a black sweater plays a trumpet into a microphone .
A young man plays the trumpet .
The man is sitting on a stool playing the trombone .
A woman is climbing a volleyball net on a beach as two others watch .
Girl climbs volleyball net at beach
People hanging up a volleyball net .
People put up a volleyball net at the beach .
The girl in the brown shirt is hanging onto a blue pole .
A brown dog races through a field .
a brown dog running through the tall grass .
A dog running in long grass , a housing development behind it .
A tan dog is bounding through grass .
Two dogs running through tall grass .
An Asian boy and girl are walking in a park .
An Asian boy and girl walking amongst a crowd with trees over their path .
An Asian teenage boy in a pink and black jacket walks with a teenage girl in a brown jacket .
Two Asian girls walk along the park .
Two Asian teens in jackets
A man wearing glasses is staring off into space .
A man with glasses is standing in front of a building .
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead .
A man with sunglasses standing by a white and red building with a very blue sky above .
The man wearing the purple shirt is in the shadows .
A baseball player in white swings for the ball as the player in brown is waiting to intercept .
A baseball player punting .
A baseball player swings at the ball as onlookers watch .
A batter swings at a ball .
A girl at bat in a softball game
A man in American flag shorts holds a white cube at the entrance of a marble building .
A man in American flag shorts stands at the top of the stairs .
A man in flag underwear standing on the steps with a book and black shoes on .
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway .
Person standing on step wearing American flag shorts and holding a box .
Four boys are outside at a playground with a green and yellow ball .
Four boys kneeling next to each other with a ball in front of them .
four boys on a black top with a green and yellow basketball .
Four young boys pose with a green soccer ball in a park .
There are four smiling boys with smiles on a playground with their ball .
a lone person standing on some rocks with large snowy mountains in the background .
A man is standing on the rocky ground in front of the mountain .
A man standing in front of an icy mountain .
The person is standing by the water in front of the snow topped mountains .
The traveller pauses in front of the mountain view .
One woman makes thread on a spindle while another woman braids a thirds hair .
Three people are setting inside a grass shelter .
Three women sit in a village .
Three women sit together near woven walls .
Two girls primping a third girl in village setting .
A girl in a pink flower dress .
A girl outdoors near picnic tables .
A young girl holds her hair as the wind blows .
A young girl in a pink dress stands on a sidewalk .
A young girl wearing a pink floral outfit walks down the sidewalk .
A boy playing in a mud puddle .
A young shirtless boy in kakhi pants is kneeling in a marsh while someone splashes nearby .
Boy laughs while playing in mud puddle .
Boys splash in the muddy puddle in the grass .
Two boys playing and splashing around in muddy water .
A crowd of children .
A large crowd of girls are all wearing green skirts and white tank tops .
a large group of young people all dressed in white tops and green bottoms
Boys and girls at a party .
Middle school aged kids are showing their school spirit at a pep ralley .
A girl in a red and black dress is posing in front of a mural .
A girl jumping in front of a jukebox mural .
A little girl jumps in the air next to a jukebox mural .
A young girl in a red dress in midair
Girl in red skirt jumps on sidewalk in front of jukebox painting
A group of women riding horses while holding the flags of multiple nations
cowgirls waving the United States flag and the Canada flag
Several people on horseback carrying flags .
Two women riding horses , carrying the American and Canadian flags at a rodeo .
Women are riding horses in an arena carrying the flags of Canada and the United States .
A black dog carries an orange tennis ball in his mouth as he swims .
A black dog swims in the water .
A black dog , with a tennis ball in its mouth , swims through water .
A dog swims holding a tennis ball in its mouth .
The dog is swimming with the ball .
A group of people sit before a campfire .
Four people sit around a campfire and the sky is blue behind them .
Several people sit by a campfire in the darkness .
Three people lounge on a dark prairie in front of a campfire
Three people sitting around a fire .
Two children in a yard wearing sunglasses , with a play structure behind them .
Two children in orange sunglasses .
Two children wearing sunglasses sit outside of a plastic tent .
Two little girls sitting in the grass wearing sunglasses .
Two young children wearing sunglasses
A basketball player looks for someone to pass the ball to .
A man on the Miami basketball team holds the ball getting ready to make a move while being blocked .
Basketball player holding the ball .
The basketball player holds the ball and looks across the court .
The man is wearing an orange uniform and holding a basketball .
A black dog jumps into the air to get a treat from its owner .
A black dog jumps up to a man 's uplifted hand .
A man demonstrating how high his black dog can jump .
Man in field with a black dog jumping at his raised arm .
The man is standing next to a dog , while the dog jumps in the air .
A man asleep on the subway .
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation .
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car .
Dark skinned male in leather jacket sleeping .
The man in the leather jacket sleeps on the subway .
A boy is being watched as he leaps up in the air on a trampoline .
A boy without a shirt on is jumping in the air almost upside down .
A guy standing is watching another guy in midair .
A shirtless teenager bounces on a trampoline as other children watch .
Kids jumping with one boy in midair .
A man on a bicycle in the city .
A person is doing tricks on a bicycle in a city .
A young man doing bicycle tricks in an urban area .
Man standing on a bike downtown .
The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city .
Many people standing and sitting on the street in front of billboards .
People sitting on benches beside the street .
Two men sitting on a bench on a street next to two women doing the same .
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it .
Two people sit on a bench on a city street .
A man wearing a bow tie and glasses poses for a photo .
A man wearing glasses and a green bow tie .
A man with a bow-tie looks at the camera with no expression .
A man with a bow-tie made out of a dollar and wearing glasses is looking into the camera .
An old man wearing a green bow-tie and glasses looking toward the camera .
a beige dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth
A blond dog with long hair carying a tennis ball .
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
Light colored dog running with a ball in its mouth .
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth .
A black dog nurses white puppies .
A black dog nursing black and white puppies .
A dog nurses her puppies .
Black dog with white puppies .
Black dog with white puppies laying on the floor .
A main in a black and white shirt is skiing with red flags to the right .
A skier is in the snow next to a red flag .
A skier slaloms by a red flag .
A slalom skier wearing red pants and black shirt is skiing past a red flag .
Person skiing on white snow near a red flag .
A boy in a red shirt sits on a rock on the edge of a river .
A child on a rock in a stream .
A girl sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water
Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water .
One boy sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water .
A man is playing a saxophone next to a fire hydrant .
A man plays saxophone next to a yellow fire hydrant .
A man stands by a wall playing a saxophone .
Man playing musical instrument standing beside a yellow and red fire hydrant
The man is standing next to a fire hydrant and playing a saxophone .
Two girls are walking down a dirt road in a park .
Two women walking down a dirt road with a man far behind .
Two women walking on an outdoor trail .
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees .
Two young women walk along a dirt road .
A man in a field backed by american flags .
A man is being thrown a Frisbee in front of a monument and flags .
A man is clapping at the base of the Washington Memorial .
A man stands in front of the Gateway Arch .
A man tries to catch a football on grass surrounded by American flags .
A brown dog splashes in the water .
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore .
A dog near the shore of a body of water .
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore .
The brown dog is jumping out of the water
A black dog in a yard with a green object in its mouth .
A dog catching a toy in its mouth .
The black dog catches something green in its mouth .
The black dog in front of the tree has a green toy in its mouth .
There is a black dog catching a green toy in its mouth .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick down a flight of outdoor stairs .
A cyclist is attempting to go down the steps on his bike .
A man is riding a bicycle down a staircase .
A person riding a bicycle down a red ramp .
Cyclist biking down a concrete stairway .
A boy holding a cookie and wearing a red hat is looking at the camera .
a boy in a red baseball cap eats a Ritz cracker and has a big pink cup of juice
A little boy wearing a red hat with an Ritz cracker in his hand .
A small boy with a red ball cap holding a cracker with a pink cup nearby .
The small boy in the red hat has a cracker .
A boy is flying down a snow covered slope on his sled .
A boy watches another person falling in the snow .
A snowboarder crashes into another .
a young boy falling down into the snow with another boy in the background
Two children play in the snow with a sled .
A cop sitting on his police bike .
A motorcycle policeman observes the crosswalks in the middle of a city .
A policeman sits on a motorcycle .
A police officer leans against his motorcycle and watches the streets .
A policeperson is near a police motorcycle .
A mother and children is fishing on a boardwalk at night .
A woman and three children stand on a deck with a fishing pole .
A woman stands with children on a boardwalk at night overlooking the sea .
Some people on a pier at night with one girl fishing off it .
Woman with three children fishing over boardwalk in the evening .
A boy walks across a rope structure on a playground .
A child in a green shirt balancing on a red rope while holding two white ropes .
A playground with two children and an adult .
A small boy wearing glasses stands on a rope and holds two ropes with his hands .
The little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .
A girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .
Two children are riding through snow on a sled-like frame .
Two children play on the road on a snowy day .
Two kids riding on sleds
two young children RIF=ding sleds down the snow .
A man in camo pants and a blue and white shirt running on a concrete surface with other men dressed the same running behind him .
A man races another man in the background
Men in camouflage pants racing across a parking lot .
Men in uniform run along a track .
Several people are running quickly through a parking lot .
A woman is outside playing the guitar .
A woman with a guitar sings in front of a building and grass .
a woman with a nylon stringed guitar is playing in a field
A young woman lifts her voice in song in a field near an old wooden structure .
The girl plays a guitar while singing in a rural scene .
A bird splashing around in a stream .
A bird splashing in a puddle
A duck is splashing in a puddle of water .
Black and white bird with orange beak in water with rocks around .
The bird is bathing in the puddle that is surrounded by rocks .
A black dog is running through a swampy area with tall reeds .
A large dog runs through a field in the rain .
Black dog runs through field in the rain .
The dog runs through the field .
The speckled dog runs through the marsh .
a person wearing a white hooded sweatshirt covered with a blanket sitting on a bench reading
A woman reads a paper on a bench in a park .
A woman sits on a bench reading a newspaper .
The person wearing the white sheet and white hoodie sits on the bench reading .
Woman wrapped in blanket sits on bench and reads in park .
A guy in midair is behind the raft full of people .
A man flipped off of a white water raft .
A man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .
A man has fallen out of a white water raft while other rafters look at him .
A man is launched into the air from a raft .
A boat is on the water , with mountains in the background .
A boat on the water .
A lone boat sitting in the water .
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background .
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background .
a brown and white dog standing on the street wearing a hat , shirt and jeans .
A dog is dressed in a shirt and pants on the side of the road .
A dog is wearing jeans and a blue and yellow shirt with a black vehicle in the background .
A dog wearing jeans and a shirt stands on the sidewalk .
a dog wears jeans .
A girl is rowing in a lake .
a girl sits on a skinny canoe .
A woman sits in a rowing scull and looks behind her at a dock .
A woman sitting in a rowboat
Girl in a thin rowboat leaving the dock of a lake .
A group of girls are waiting outside of a potty-potty .
Six people standing behind a fence .
Six women standing in a field awaiting their turn at a port-a-potty .
Six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field .
Women standing outside to use the potty .
a black dog with a pink collar is following behind a brown dog with across a grassy field .
A little black dog chasing a little brown one .
A small white and black dog chasing a slightly larger brown dog in a grassy area .
One brown and one black dog in grass .
Two dogs running , one brown and one grey
A boy rides his skateboard across a pipe on a building .
A child on a skateboard flies through the air , alongside a building .
A skateboarder grinds along a pipe beneath a fire escape .
A skateboarder jumping in front of a building .
A skateboarder rides down a city street .
A group of people walking across a rope bridge .
A woman is crossing a rope bridge .
A woman is crossing a rope bridge in the trees with other people waiting at one end .
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .
three people are crossing a rope bridge hung between pine trees .
A black dog is jumping into the water off a dock .
A black dog jumping into the water
A black dog jumps off a pier into a lake .
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water .
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water .
A dog jumps through a hoop .
A dog jumps through a hoop while the crowd watches .
A German shepherd breed dog is jumping through a hoop with onlookers .
A German Shepherd jumping through a black hoop in front of spectators
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
A woman sitting at a sewing machine looks up .
A woman with glasses is sewing .
A woman works by a sewing machine .
Woman in colorful shirt works at sewing machine .
Woman with glasses working at a sewing machine .
a dirt bike rider holds up his finger .
A man wearing a sponsor covered motorcycling suit sits on a motorbike raising his hand .
A motorcycle racer is gesturing at somebody .
A race car driver stands up with his hand pointing in the air .
The person in the blue jacket has a colorful helmet on .
A blond woman is sitting in a brown leather chair while another woman is walking next to a store in the background
A person sits in a brown chair and is holding bags in their hand .
a woman sitting on a large brown couch in the middle of a mall
A woman is sitting in a brown chair in the center of a mall .
Three people , one sitting , two standing , are in a mall .
A brown dog with a baseball in its mouth .
A dog holding a baseball in his mouth .
A dog with a baseball in his mouth .
The brown dog next to the swimming pool has a ball in its mouth .
The dog has a ball in its mouth .
A dog in a swimming pool and another dog on the edge of the pool .
A dog swims in a pool while another watches .
A dog swims in the pool while another dog watches from the deck .
A tan dog swims in a pool while a black and brown dog looks on .
Two dogs playing in a pool
A college football game is in progress .
A football player runs along the sidelines with a football as a crowd watches .
An American footballer in a red strip is running down the side of the field with the ball .
The football player is running with a football trying to score .
The football player is trying to outrun his opponent .
A man in a flowered shirt holds a microphone beside a violin player standing in a crowd of people .
A man is holding a violin whilst the woman plays it with the bow .
A man plays a violin at a concert while a man speaks into a microphone .
A violinist and a singer perform in front of people .
one man singing next to another man playing the violin .
A woman in a red costume to the left of a man and woman standing together .
A woman wearing a red costume looks at two other people standing on a street .
A young woman in a red sequined costume and feather stands on the sidewalk .
The girl in the salmon colored bikini is standing next to two young people ; one is wearing a black outfit and the other is drinking pop .
Two young people are approached by a flamboyant young woman dressed in a red bikini and a red feathered headress .
A football player runs with the ball , chased by members of the opposing team
A running back running with the football .
Many football players are running on the grassy field .
Men playing football .
Two teams compete in football .
A man with an electric guitar and long hair leans towards another musician .
A woman in white lighting talks to a man lit in green .
The spotlight is on a guitarist who is playing in a band .
Two musicians are on a stage , one plays the bass guitar .
Two people perform on a stage with electric guitars .
A child swims with a woman .
A small child gets into a pool with help from a woman .
A young boy jumps into the water as a woman holds his arms .
A young curly brown headed boy is jumping into the arms of a woman in a pool .
The little boy is in the swimming pool with an adult woman .
A boy in a pool squirts a bright green water gun .
A child plays with a water gun in a pool .
A child wearing yellow goggles uses a squirt gun .
a little boy is squirting a yellow water pistol in the swimming pool .
a young boy in a pool playing with a green water gun
A girl in a bikini top and shorts poses for a picture on a mountain overlooking a lake .
A girl in a bikini top stands in front of a beautiful view .
A girl in a bikini top with a great view in the background
A woman poses for a picture while in front of a lake .
Woman in white bikini top and blue shorts with body of water in the background .
A little girl swings while her hair flies in the wind .
A little girl with red hair and a teal tracksuit on a swing .
A redheaded girl with a turquoise jacket is swinging .
A young girl wearing a blue sweatshirt smiles as her hair is up in the air .
The young girl is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her .
A dog jumping in the air to retrieve a stick from a man .
A dog leaps for a stick held by a man .
a man in shorts with a dog jumping to get the stick in his hand
Man playing with a brown dog on a dirt path .
The dog is jumping for the item the man is holding above his head .
A closeup of three people smiling for the camera .
A girl holds a glass and has a girl on her right and a boy on her left looking into the camera .
A girl in a black and white headband and pink neck tie holding a glass with friends on either side of her .
Three people pose for a picture .
Two women and a man pose for the camera .
A boy wearing black shorts is jumping into the ocean .
A child in swimming trunks jumping into the ocean .
A child jumps over ocean waves at a beach .
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf .
A little boy in black shorts is jumping in the water at the beach .
A dog is attempting a turn by a nearby picnic bench and metal object .
A white dog running next to a bench .
The big white dog is running in the grass .
The white dog is running around in the grass .
White dog with collar running in fenced in grassy area
A man is snowboarding down a skislope .
A man snowboards down a snow-covered hill .
A person in grey snowboarding down a hill .
Snowboarding youth going downhill
The man is snowboarding down a slope with gear and a hat
A group of people are holding up signs .
A group of people carry pink letters that spell " impeach " .
many woman hold up a sign reading " impeach " .
People holding pink signs that spell out , " Impeach " .
War protesters on curb , with pink umbrellas spelling out IMPEACH .
A boy throws a soccer ball from the sidelines in a soccer game .
A child holding a soccer ball over his head .
A child holds a soccer ball above their head while a group of seated people watch .
A child holds a soccer ball while people watch .
A girl in a sports outfit balances a soccer ball on her head .
A person doing a trick on a snowboard .
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail .
A snowboarder is sliding down a cement wall at night .
A snowboarder rides a rail on the cement handrail of steps with snow all around .
In the snow a person on a board traverses down a concrete wall beside bleachers .
A girl stands up with a glass of beer to make a toast at a couple 's wedding .
A lady brings a drink to a seated couple comprised of a woman wearing a long white dress and a man in a dark suit .
A newlywed couple speak with guests at their wedding .
Several people sit at a table in formal clothing .
The bride and groom are getting served a drink at their wedding reception .
A dog is shaking off water .
A dog shakes his head .
A dog shakes off water
A dog shakes off water and gets contorted .
The dog is shaking water off of his body .
A family in colorful clothing walking in the snow .
A group of Middle Eastern people walking through the snow .
A middle eastern family is walking
five people walk through the snow wearing exotic clothes .
Three women dressed in colorful clothes and head coverings and a man and boy are walking in the snow .
A person on a snowboard crosses a makeshift wooden bridge .
A snowboarder grinds a wooden box over a melted patch of snow .
A snowboarder is leaping of a wooden platform .
A snowboarder slides along a ramp over a snowy gap .
The snowboarder does a board slide over a wooden obstacle .
A black man drinking out of a paper cup .
A black man wearing a white suit and hat is holding a paper cup .
A man wearing a hat leans against a bench and holds a cup .
A man with a soft drink poses for the camera with a park in the background .
an african american man holds his soda .
A man mountain climbing up an icy mountain .
An climber is ascending an ice covered rock face .
A person in orange climbs a sheer cliff face covered in snow and ice .
Person in a yellow jacket is climbing up snow covered rocks .
There is a climber scaling a snowy mountainside .
A bunch of people are standing or sitting in a snow valley .
A number of people standing and laying under a mountain covered in snow .
Sledding and skiing enthusiasts gather at a snowy rock formation .
Snow skiers gather at the bottom of a snowy hill .
Some people hanging out in the snow .
A little red-haired boy runs down a grassy hill followed behind by two girls .
The children run through the tall green grass .
Three children are running down a grassy hill .
Three children running down a grassy hillside .
Three children running downhill
Two ladies are wearing nothing except body paint and riding on bicycles in a street fair .
Two nude women painted black and white are riding bicycles on the road .
Two painted women ride bicycles on the street with onlookers nearby .
Two woman wearing body paint ride bikes through a crowd .
Two women in costume ride bikes .
A woman looks at a book in a bookstore while holding a baby .
A woman wearing a black shirt browses through a book at a store .
A woman with a baby browses in a bookstore .
A woman with a baby looks through a book display .
Woman holding a baby shopping for books
A black dog .
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera .
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves .
A black puppy wearing black collar sits on the grass and leaves .
Black dog lays on grass
A dog trying to catch a ball .
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it .
A intense looking dog is about to grab a ball in mid bounce .
Brown dog trying to bite a white ball with yellow , green and blue puppy toes
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball .
A boy is leaning on a chair whilst another boy pulls him around with a rope .
A child balances on a chair with one arm .
The children play an indoor game .
Two boys in blue clothing are pulling on a rope while one boy is touching a brown chair .
Two boys playing tug of war while one reaches out to chair on left
A female rugby player runs with a rugby ball during a match .
A group of children wearing uniforms run along the field after one who is holding the ball .
Children play football .
Young people are engaged in a game .
Young people in uniform are playing in a rugby game .
A motocross biker flies in the air on his bike .
An individual adorned in white rides a motorcycle .
A person in white in the air on their motorbike .
A white motorcycle is being jumped in the air by a person in a white outfit and crash helmet .
Rider making high jump on motorcycle .
A group of girls climb up a snowy hill .
Four children climbing up a snow covered hill .
Four kids are climbing a shallow snow covered hill while wearing winter gear .
Four kids climb a snowy hill , one struggles .
Four snowsuit clad children climb up a snowy hillside .
A boy and a girl at the beach , throwing sand .
a boy flings sand at a girl .
A boy with an orange tool on the shore is spraying a girl standing in shallow water with mud .
Boy flings mud at girl
The young boy flings mud at the barefoot girl in the pond .
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench outside a wooden building .
Two people are sitting on a wooden structure near a tree while conversing .
Two people sit on a brick wall and talk .
two people sit on a park bench .
Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk .
Two Asian girls are standing outside a red brick building
Two asian ladies posing for a picture .
Two women standing in front of a large brick building .
Two women stop to have their picture taken outside the chocolate factory .
Two young ladies pose outside of a brick building and smile for the camera .
A girl jumping from a diving board into a pool
A girl jumping into a swimming pool
A girl jumps off of a diving board into a pool .
A little girl is jumping off the diving board into a pool .
A young girl in a pink and yellow bathing suit jumps from a diving board into a pool .
A child leaping toward a red bed .
A little boy jumps high off his bed .
A little boy jumps off of a bunk bed onto another bed .
A small boy jumps from a bunk bed onto a single bed .
a young boy jumping from a bunk bed on a smaller bed .
A person peaks their head out of a tent set up in a snowy field .
A woman emerges from her snow covered tent .
a woman sticking her head out of her tent on the side of a snowy moutnain .
A woman wearing glasses and a hat pokes her head through the door of a tent on a snowy day .
The camper opens up to see snow all around .
A dog leaps across the grass .
A white and brown dog is running over grass .
A white dog with a red collar and black spots runs on newly cut grass .
The dog in a red collar runs in the grass .
White dog with black markings and red collar leaping over the grass .
A boy holding kitchen utensils and making a threatening face
A boy is pulling a wild face whilst waving cooking implements in his hands .
a girl in a tan shirt holding up a fork and knife in one hand and a pot in the other
A person with cooking utilities poses menacingly in a dark environment .
A woman with a knife and fork grimmaces .
Two children playing in the snow .
Two children , warmly dressed , are playing in the snow .
Two kids playing in the snow in a rural area .
Two young children enjoy the snow .
Two young children play in the snow .
Hikers cross a bridge over a fast moving stream and rocky scenery .
People crossing a long bridge over a canyon with a river .
People walk across a rope bridge over a rocky stream .
Some hikers are crossing a wood and wire bridge over a river .
Three people are looking across a rope and wood bridge over a river .
A man in a blue bodysuit surfing .
A man in a blue wetsuit rides a wave on a white surfboard .
A man in blue surfs in the ocean .
A surfer tries to stay moving on his white surfboard .
A surfer in a blue swimsuit is riding the waves .
A puppy sniffs a human foot that is resting on his face .
Black fuzzy dog with a humans foot in front of it .
Black puppy sniffing a human 's bare foot .
Person 's foot resting on fluffy black dog .
The black puppy is being touched by a foot .
A brown dog with its mouth open and ears in the air running on a grassy surface .
a tan dog runs through a field with his ears flying in the air
A yellow Labrador running with its ears flopping .
The brown dog is running .
This dog is running along the path .
A crowd of people are enjoying a meal with a view of a mountaintop .
A group of people sit outside a restaurant at a ski lodge .
A large group of people with snow covered mountains in the background .
many people are sitting at wooden tables overlooking snow covered mountains .
People dine outdoors at a lodge on a snowy mountain .
A blond girl standing in a crowd holding a goat on a leash .
A girl holding a sheep by the leash in a busy fair setting
A girl in a crowd in holding on to a leashed sheep .
A little girl is in a crowd of people holding a rope attached to a sheep .
The young girl is holding a yellow leash attached to a sheep .
A girl is running on a desert path .
A girls wearing jeans and a pink shirt runs .
The little girl in the pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert .
The little girl in the pink top is running down the path .
Young girl in jeans runs through desert
People gather on a bridge near a weeping willow tree .
People on a bridge look at the water .
People stand on a bridge over water .
People walk on a small bridge over a lake .
Some people are crossing a green bridge over a river .
A man wearing glasses and black clothing is sitting while a man in a vest drinks in the background .
A man with glasses wearing all black sits on grass surrounded by other people .
A salt-and-pepper-haired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass .
Closeup of a man at an event with formal attire .
The man is dressed in black and smiling while another man is drinking and an elderly woman is standing near a fence .
A boy in a blue shirt and white pants stands on the edge of a lake in a town with a church in the background .
A boy in a blue shirt standing by a lake shore .
A young boy is throwing something into a river .
A young boy throwing a rock into a pond in front of a large building .
Little boy standing on the bank of a river .
a brown dog is walking down some steps under tree .
A brown dog is walking down steps .
A dog is walking down steps .
Brown dog with white marking on forehead coming down cement steps .
The dog comes down the steps .
A bald policeman is walking with a German shepherd dog by a metal crowd control barrier .
An officer and dog are walking in front of a queue of people .
A policeman is next to his German shepherd .
A policeman walks away from a gate with a large brown and black dog .
The policeman walks with his German shepherd .
A brown dog making a funny face while standing on a beach .
A brown dog shaking its head .
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head .
a brown dog wearing a chain collar on a mountain running crazily .
A dark brown dog rapidly shaking off .
A woman is walking past an artificial waterfall .
A woman is walking with someone else beside a pond in the city .
A woman talking on a cellphone walking in front of water .
A woman walks by a river across city buildings .
Young woman in a city park near a water feature .
A boy belly-surfing a skateboard into a pile of autumn leaves .
A young boy falls off his skateboard into a pile of brown leaves in the road .
A young skateboarder in a pile of leaves with a smile on his face .
Little boy laying in a pile of leaves next to a skateboard .
Young boy in green shirt rolling on a cart into a pile of leaves .
A black and brown dog with a brown dog in a grassy field with patches of white .
a black dog is facing a brown dog in an open outdoor space .
Two dogs are standing in a field of grass and dirt .
Two dogs greet each other in a snowy grass field .
Two dogs in a grassy field .
A playful puppy bites the shirt of a young boy .
Two boys and a white dog stand in a park .
Two children play with a white dog .
Two children stand in the grass while a white dog bites one of their sweaters .
Two kids playing with a dog .
Three dogs are running side by side on the grass .
Three dogs , one Rottweiler with a tennis ball in its mouth , one Irish Setter and one Corgi are running in field .
Three dogs running in a field .
Three dogs trot on a stretch of grass , and one dog is carrying a tennis ball .
Three dogs with tongues out running on the grass with a tennis ball .
A long haired white dog is in an area covered with fallen brown leaves .
A white dog standing on fallen leaves .
A white dog standing on leaves on the ground .
A white furry dog is running through leaves .
A white furry dog is walking on leaves with its tongue sticking out .
A man , seen from the back , with his head turned to the side wearing a backpack
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side .
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left .
The man in the backpack looks to his left .
the man is wearing a backpack and sunglasses while walking through an outdoor market .
a blond woman wearing an apron standing in front of a bar with several empty wine glasses
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror .
A woman in uniform rests against a bar .
a woman stands alone in the restaurant
The waitress in standing in front of the bar at a restaurant .
A biker leaps off a half-pipe littered with graffiti as onlookers watch .
a bmx rider launches off a quarterpipe .
A cyclist airborne having jumped his bike off a graffiti covered ramp .
A kid does a trick on a bike at a skate park .
A teenage boy on a bicycle is jumping off a ramp .
A boy tries to catch a ball while jumping into a pool .
A male dives for a ball that 's flying over a pool .
A male jumping into a swimming pool .
A man dives into a swimming pool at the hotel .
The man is leaping off of the pool deck to catch a football .
A girl in a Burka is learning vocabulary in a classroom .
A man points to a blackboard to show a child something .
A man teaches English to a young girl in a rural African village .
one person pointing at a chalkboard with a student looking on
The man writes something on the chalkboard to teach the girl who is standing next to him .
A man jumps high on his yellow skateboard over the concrete tile .
A skateboarder gets airtime .
A skateboarder jumping with his skateboard
Boy jumping in the air with a skateboard .
Skateboarder in black with yellow skateboard in midair .
A man crouching down on some rocks in the ocean .
A man in a green shirt climbing on rocks while water rushes over them at night .
A man is standing on some rocks while waves lap around him .
Man crouching on rocks by the ocean shore
The man is leaning on rocks close to water .
A boy in a shirt and tie jumps off a staircase .
A child , wearing a tie , jumps off steps .
A young boy in dress clothes and a tie is jumping in the air .
Boy in white dress shirt , black slacks , tie and sneakers jumping down from steps near yellow flowers .
The young boy with nice pants , a belt , and a tie is jumping off the steps
A large white bird flies out of the water .
a large white bird takes flighht out of the water .
a large white crane flying through the air over the water .
A white crane is flying above some water .
White dove glides above water .
A blue building has smoke pouring out while a firetruck sits in front of it .
A blue building on fire with black smoke pouring out with a firetruck on the scene .
A large blue building has black smoke billowing out and a fire engine sits in front .
A man runs as a firetruck arrives to a fire .
A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it .
A black and white dog has pinned a brown dog to the ground in front of a wishing well .
A white dog is trying to play with a brown dog .
A white spotted dog plays with a brown dog on the green grass .
Two dogs play together on the grass in front of a small stone well .
Two dogs wrestling on a green lawn .
A man carrying a red bag is looking closely at the black train that is emitting smoke .
A man looking into a train engine .
A train blowing smoke .
People stand on a sidewalk near an old fashioned train .
The man stands close to the train at the busy train station .
A brown haired man is wearing a blue shirt that says , " Boys will do boys " .
A man is wearing a blue shirt that is rolled up above his abdomen .
A young man , bearing his midriff , and other people are gathered in a city street .
Man wearing boys will do boys shirt waves at camera during gay pride parade
There is a man who is wearing a shredded blue shirt that reads , " Boys Will Do Boys , " waving at the camera .
a boy runs along the street .
A child running on the sidewalk .
a young boy running in a street race
A young boy runs in a race .
Blond child running in a race .
Bikers racing , an orange cone in front .
Men race their bikes on a road .
Three bicyclists race around a curve .
Three bicyclists turn on a curve .
Three people on bikes racing through the orange cones .
A basketball player in white is trying to defend against the player in black who is dribbling the ball .
An african american runs with a basketball as a caucasion tries to take the ball from him .
Guy in black uniform dribbling basketball away from guy in white uniform
Two teams are playing basketball as one man is driving towards the hoop .
White player attempts to get ball from black player on basketball court .
A man is walking a dog on a leash down the street
A man walking his dog in a crosswalk .
a man walks his dog in the street .
The man in the denim outfit walks a black and tan dog on a crosswalk .
Young man walking dog
A giant billboard of a man 's abs
Pedestrians walk in front of an advertisement depicting a shirtless man in jeans .
people pass by a huge black and white poster of a male model unzipping his jeans .
People walk by a large advertisement of partially naked man .
Some people walk past a large billboard .
A few people stand around the counter of an establishment .
A group of men stand in line in a dimly-lit restaurant bar .
A group of people standing in a bar .
Man wearing a red shirt is waiting in line at a restaurant .
This man is the red shirt is waiting at a restaurant .
A Frisbee team huddles around a Frisbee , each holding a part of it .
A group of people hold a Frisbee with their fingers .
A group of people put two of their fingers on a Frisbee .
people put their hands on a Frisbee .
several young children with their fingertips on the egde of a white Frisbee
A man climbs up the side of a steep rock that overlooks a river .
A man is climbing a steep and rocky cliff overlooking water .
A man is climbing on rocks by the water .
A man is climbing the side of a mountain over the ocean .
A man rock climbing at the ocean .
a kayaker plungles into the river .
A person in a canoe is rafting in wild waters .
A person is half submerged in water in their yellow kayak .
A woman has positioned her kayak nose down in the water .
The man in a yellow kayak is paddling through rough waters .
A grey colored dog walks in wet sand at a beach .
A grey dog plays in the sand at the ocean .
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach .
The brown dog is standing on the sandy beach .
The large grey colored dog is jumping on the beach .
A large group of brighty clothed dancers taking photographs .
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers .
A man is having his picture taken in a courtyard with people in ornamental dress .
A man photographs costumed dancers .
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers .
A black dog is walking through a stream
A black dog swimming in water near rocks .
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water .
A dog runs through a creek next to large rocks .
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
An Asian woman holding a fan watches traffic go by .
An Asian woman in a misspelled t-shirt fans herself in the mid-afternoon sun while waiting for a bus in the city .
A woman in a white shirt standing beside a road fanning herself .
A woman waits at the side of a busy road holding a fan .
A woman with a fan near the street .
A flock of birds fly away with food in their beaks .
A seagull flies under another with food while three others follow .
Four birds are chasing another bird which has a piece of food in its mouth
Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread .
Several birds flying in front of trees .
An adult and a child sitting down and both are biting their finger nails .
An older woman sits next to a small girl who is wearing a striped dress .
An old woman is sitting next to a young girl with her fingers in her mouth .
An old woman with a big bag in her lap sits next to a little girl in a stripe , orange dress .
A young girl with two fingers in her mouth sitting next to an older woman .
A city square with a large red wall and people walking about .
A town square of cobblestones with many people walking through it
Average , everyday people walk by a facility .
Group of people on a brick plaza .
People walk through a square .
A boy in african clothing runs across a concrete wall .
A little boy with a green shirt is running on a rock ledge .
An African boy in large green shirt is running barefoot along a wall .
A young boy dressed in green running along a smooth , stone wall near a wooded area .
Boy in green tunic on rock wall .
A dog is chasing after a ball in a field .
A small brown and white dog chases a white ball over the grass .
A small dog chases a white ball on the grass
A small dog is playing with a ball on the grass .
The small dog is chasing a ball .
A dog jumping in the snow at the edge of the forest
A dog jumps across the snowy ground .
A dog runs through a snowy field .
Dog running through the snow .
The grey and white dog is running through the snow .
A family playing on a tractor on a beautiful day
Children ride a tractor in a field .
Several children playing on a Polaris vehicle outdoors .
The children played on the four wheeler in the field .
The four kids are riding on an ATV in a field .
A small girl riding on a yellow plastic toy car .
A toddler rides a plastic vehicle while another watches in the background .
A young child riding on a plastic yellow car
Child riding wheeled , yellow toy , with adult 's legs and another child in background .
Two girls are riding plastic cars , one yellow and one red .
A black dog catches a red and blue tennis ball .
A black dog on a yard of grass is catching a blue and red ball in its mouth .
A black dog with a green collar holds a red and blue object in its mouth .
A dog catches a colored ball while standing in the grass .
A small black dog playing with a ball in the grass .
A man climbing a rock .
A man is rock climbing at sunset .
A man is scaling a large boulder at dusk .
a man scales the large rock .
Climber scaling rock at night .
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain .
A man holds a sign in front of a group of people on a cloudy day .
A man in sunglasses is holding a sign while four other people look into the distance .
A man wearing sunglasses holds a sign at a demonstration .
A young man holds up a hand written sign next to a woman with a multicolored umbrella .
A couple hug each other and pose for the camera in front of a pond in the snow .
A man and woman embrace near a river in winter .
A man and woman standing next to each other in the snow by a lake .
The happy couple enjoys the scenic winter stream .
Two people stand in front of a lake in the snow and pose for a picture .
A person eats takeout while watching a small television .
A person sits on the floor and eats in front of a television .
A television with a picture of a girl on it .
A young man sits on the floor by the television with a fast food meal in front of him .
Someone is laying in front of the TV eating food .
A black and white dog jumping into the air .
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball .
A dog jumping high into the air in the country .
A dog jumping in the shade of trees .
A dog jumps high , with its mouth open .
A boy slides down a snowy hill in an innertube .
A boy snow tubing on a green , blue , and yellow colored tube .
A child laughs while tubing down the snowy mountain .
A small child in an orange , white and black coat coming down a snowy hill on an innertube .
a small child racing down a snowy hill on an innertube
a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head
A man holding a wine bottle and wearing a box on his head is standing next to a man wearing a black hoodie .
one man wearing a black hoodie sweatshirt and another wearing a box over his head
One person is wearing a box on their head and holding a bottle while another man is standing next to him .
Two men , one with a box on his head holding a bottle
A black and white dog lies on the ground next to a little girl on a red bicycle in the woods .
A child in a red sweatshirt , jeans , and black bike helmet and a dog pose for a picture outdoors .
A child is sitting on a bike next to her dog
A little girl poses on her bike with her dog in the woods .
The dog is laying on the ground next to the little girl with the red bike .
A white dog is leaping into a swimming pool .
a white dog jumping into a pool .
A white dog jumps into a pool .
A white dog jumps into a swimming pool .
The white dog jumps into the blue pool .
a family standing in a rock cave with some of their belongings in the background
An Afican American woman standing behind two small African American children .
An African woman stands with her two children under a boulder .
A woman and two children pose for a picture under some rocks .
A woman in purple with two children in the mouth of a cave .
A white dog and a black dog in a field .
A white dog with a branch in his mouth and a black dog .
A white dog with a stick in his mouth standing next to a black dog .
Two dogs are standing next to each other , and the white dog has a stick in its mouth .
Two dogs stand in the brown grass .
A boy is posing next to his scooter .
A boy stands on a scooter in an abandoned boardwalk .
A boy wearing a white top is resting on his scooter beside a concrete post .
A small boy on a blue scooter in an urban setting is pointing a finger at the viewer .
The little boy stands next to his scooter .
A girl poses on the train tracks near a station
A woman wearing a green shirt stands on the railroad tracks .
A young female in a green tank top and shorts standing in the middle of the railroad tracks .
Girl with green tank top standing in the middle of a train track with multicolor train cars to the right .
The girl with the green tank top and grey shorts is standing in the middle of the empty railroad track .
A little girl is holding a cellphone up to her ear .
A little girl is talking on a cellphone on the floor of a living room .
A little girl listens to a cellphone .
A small child in an Izod shirt holds a cellphone to her ear .
A young girl is talking on a cellphone .
A kid cross-country skis wearing the number " 93 " .
A person playing sports in the snow is crouched down .
A snow skier is going down a slalom course .
Person in a racing ski outfit and a helmet is skiing while in a squat position .
The skier is on the snow .
A brown and white dog in the air next two a purple Frisbee above grass .
A brown dog is jumping in the air whilst trying to catch a purple Frisbee .
A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee .
A dog jumps to catch a flying disc .
A dog jumps to catch the purple Frisbee .
a brown dog running along the dirt shore of a stream
A small dog running on a beach .
A small furry brown dog is running on the shore of the ocean .
A woman sitting on the sand at the beach , with a furry animal in the foreground walking towards her .
Dog running away from woman on the seashore .
A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them .
Three dogs run on beach , two playing with unknown object .
Two large white dogs and one large tan dog in a red collar run along a beach .
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water .
Two white dogs and one light brown dog running along the beach .
A little black dog is running beside a large brown and white dog with a large rope in its mouth .
A small black dog is running alongside a bigger tri-colored dog that is carrying a rope toy in its mouth .
A small dog and a large dog with a rope in its mouth .
Two dogs running down a dirt road .
The large dog is holding a rope in its mouth and the little dog is walking beside it .
A person wearing a blue hat takes a photo in the snow .
A person wearing a hat takes a picture while its snowing .
A woman in a gray hat is aiming her camera in the snow as to take a picture .
A woman takes a picture as it snows .
The lady wearing a black hat is taking a picture while the snow falls .
A dachshund returning a tennis ball .
A dog is running through a low-cut field with a ball .
A little brown dog has a ball in its mouth .
A weiner dog catches a blue and yellow tennis ball .
The small brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A blonde-haired girl plays on a blown-up bouncy toy .
A little blonde girl crawling into a blue inflatable bouncy house .
A smiling blond girl crawling into a moonwalk .
A young blond girl in a blue bouncy house .
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A black and brown dog jumping in midair near a field .
A black dog frolics in the snow .
A black dog running .
A jumping black dog .
The black dog leaps a pile of driftwood as he runs the beach .
A little white dog running through the sand .
A West Highland Terrier runs across the dirt .
A white dog running on sand .
A white dog runs on the beach .
A white dog runs on the sand .
Three democrat supporters hold signs for an election .
Three people pose with their political signs out in public .
Three people smiling and holding political signs .
Three people with political signs .
Two men and a woman pose with signs for Obama and Chris Gregoire .
A child looks at a guard in red uniform from the other side of a fence
a little boy is watching a palace guard stand outside a little black hut .
A little boy looling over the fence at a guard standing in front of a black shed .
A little kid stands and looks at the military guard who is guarding a building .
A young boy stands and watches a British guardsman .
A boy is jumping forwards down a water slide .
a boy jumps onto a inflatable water slide
A boy on a water slide
A boy wearing a blue swimsuit begins to slide down a water slide .
A person in swim trunks jumping down an inflatable slide
A man driving a four-wheeler off-road .
A man riding an ATV makes a jump over a dirt road .
A racer on an ATV leaves the ground in a jump .
person wearing a helmet on a four wheeled bike in air
The man does a trick on the fourwheeler .
A family surrounds a baby in the father 's lap .
a family gathers in the living room .
A man is sitting on a couch holding a baby while surrounded by children .
A man sitting on a couch holding a baby , surrounded by three young girls .
Three little girls looking at a baby that a man is holding on his lap
Dogs participating in a race .
Five dogs racing at night .
Greyhound are racing on a track , and number eight is making a run for first
The dogs ran around the dirt racetrack .
The greyhound dogs are racing along a dirt path with buildings nearby .
A man is wind sailing in the ocean .
A man stands on a sailboat in the water .
A man windsurfs near the beach .
A person is windsurfing in the water .
A wind-surfer in near the beach .
one white dog is running with a tennis ball in his mouth while another dog jogs along
The two dogs , one with a tennis ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
Two dogs , one holding a ball .
two dogs playing with a ball .
Two dogs walking through grass with the white one carrying a yellow ball in mouth .
A girl in a ballet fairy costume is touched by a wand .
A young girl performing the nutcracker .
The little girl is standing on a stage dressed up as a pink fairy .
The tiny girl dressed in a butterfly ballet costume , waves her wand near a nutcracker statue .
Young girl waving turquiose leotard and pink tutu with wings waving wand .
A black man in a blue shirt stands next to a black man in a red robe .
A man wearing a red cloth stands next to a man wearing a blue cloth .
Black men in poor neighborhood .
Two Africans in red and blue shawls pose for a picture outside a barber shop .
Two people , one in blue and one in red , stand in front of a building .
A girl climbing a tree .
A little blond girl with a pink coat hides in a tree .
A little blond haired girls peers at the camera through the leaves on the tree that she sits on .
a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree .
The young girl happily plays in the tree .
A black and white dog bounds through a field .
A black and white dog bounds through tall wheat grass .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A white and black dog leaps through long grass in a field .
The dog is running through a field .
A man with a denim hat and white beard gives a thumbs up .
A man with a gray beard and denim hat gives a thumbs up sign with his hand .
An old man with a white-haired beard and a blue cap gives a thumbs-up sign with his right hand .
Man with white beard and glasses gives a thumbs up .
The elderly man wearing the white cap is holding his thumb up .
A brown dog is running through neck-deep water carrying a tennis ball .
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog swims through water outdoors with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A red dog , holding a ball , splashes through vegetation filled water .
Brown dog with tennis ball in mouth , in water and bushes .
A brown dog is fetching something in its mouth on a field .
A dog in a field holding something in its mouth .
A dog is carrying something in his mouth .
A dog with a choke collar is holding a gauntlet in its mouth .
A large black and brown dog is carrying something in its mouth while walking on grass .
A man in a brown jacket and a white shirt looks to his side .
A man in a brown jacket looking off to the side
A white man in a jacket looks to his left
A young man standing in a crowded area .
Middle-aged man in casual clothes looking off camera .
A biker does a trick on a ramp .
A biker on top of a shallow hill attempts a trick nearby a gate and grassy area .
A man stands on the front wheel of his bicycle , doing a trick .
A person does tricks on their bike .
Man is performing a trick with a bicycle on a ramp .
A football player runs with a ball , chased by the opposing team .
A football player runs with the ball as others run towards him .
A player has the football as a crowd in red and white watches
The American football team in white are attempting to stop the player in red who is running with the ball .
Two teams playing a football game in a packed stadium
Two dogs are running up a woodland path .
two dogs run across the woods .
Two dogs running toward trees .
Two dogs run on a path near a stone bench .
Two tri-colored short dogs run away from the camera in the trees .
A dog completing a fitness excercise
A dog is performing act at dog show .
A hairy dog tries to follow its owner around an obstacle course .
A shaggy , brown dog is doing an obstacle .
Dog passes through obstacles .
A child in pink throwing a snowball at a child in blue .
A girl in pink tosses a snowball a girl wearing blue .
Two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs .
Two girls in winter jackets , knit hats , and glvoes are outside in the snow .
Two young kids wearing winter coats play in the snow .
A crowd of people gathered together and one woman is standing and holding a sign .
A group of fans gather for some type of event .
Asian crowd with attractive woman in foreground
Girl in a black and red shirt is standing up with a pole in her hand surrounded by people .
Young woman standing above a crowd .
a boy in a blue shirt is doing a back flip in the air .
A man in a jean jacket and jean pants is doing a back flip on a grassy area .
A person dressed in blue performing a back flip .
A person dressed in light blue with white shoes does a back flip in the grass .
Person doing backflips outside in the grass .
A baseball pitcher in a red and white uniform throws the ball while his teammate watches .
A baseball pitcher on the mound leaning into his pitch .
A pitcher throwing a ball at a baseball game
A pitcher with a red shirt is throwing a ball and his teammate is waiting to catch near a base .
Baseball is being played by two men in red jerseys by a " pepco " sign .
a boy and girl riding a roller coaster
Children on a ride at an amusement park .
The children are smiling whist sitting on a fairground ride .
Two children swing around on a carnival ride .
two little kids having fun at a roller coaster
At the bottom of a set of stairs , there are two men and a tent .
Men in a khaki-colored tent outside in a rundown area .
People in a tent shelter near the bottom of stairs .
Two people are in a tent near a brick wall .
Two people in a tent near a rock wall .
A big tan dog lays on the ground looking to the side .
A large dog sits in the grass .
A large tan dog sits on the edge of the woods .
Brown dog laying on gravel with grass and trees in background .
The large brown dog is sitting on the path next to a tree .
A group of men stands near a tree as a racing car stirs up a cloud of dust on the gravel road beside them .
A race car kicks up dirt and dust on a gravel track .
Many people stand by watching a car smoke heavily .
People are watching a race car speed thorugh the dirt .
Six spectators watching a dirt racing car pass by in a cloud of dust .
A blond woman pours wine for people while they watch tv .
A group of friends sit around a table in front of a flat screen tv .
a woman pours wine and watches tv .
Several people are sitting at a table drinking wine .
Some men and women drink wine while watching television .
A chicken and a white dog in the mulch .
A dog and a chicken next to a building .
A white dog rests on a log as a chicken pecks at the ground .
Chicken pecking at the ground .
The white dog is ignoring the black and white chicken .
a blond man jumping off a cliff into some water
A man is jumping off a rock into a pool of water while three others watch .
Four people are cavorting on the rocks at a river 's edge
People stand by a rocky cliff with water below .
Three people on a rocky cliff over a body of water .
A blond climber with a white shirt is scaling a stone cliff .
a lone man climbing the side of a large rock wall .
A person climbing a rock face .
a rock climber
A young man is climbing up a rock face with one rope dangling down .
A black and white spotted dog runs along the seaweed and sand .
A dalmation is running along the beach .
A Dalmation runs along a beach .
a dalmation runs along the beach .
Dalmation running along the beach .
A child is performing with a toy while onstage with a colorful balloon backdrop .
A girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background .
A little girl does a hula hoop behind a backdrop of balloons .
A young girl hula dances in front of a colorful backdrop .
Girl is performing onstage with a hula hoop surrounded by many balloons .
Four children are playing in some water .
Four young girls playing in the water .
Kids play in water .
Little girls play in the water .
Young girls in bathing suits playing in the knee deep water beyond the blue railing .
A brown dog begins to run along a beach with a wave in the background .
A brown dog is running on sand next to the ocean .
A dog is galloping on the beach .
A dog is running along a beach in front of the ocean .
A dog leaps by the ocean .
A woman climbs up a cliff
A woman rock climber scales a cliff far above pastures .
A woman rock-climbing on a cliff .
A woman rock-climbs in a rural area .
Woman climbing a cliff in a rural area
A man in an orange shirt is standing in a fire .
A man in an orange shirt is walking over fire while a crowd watches .
A man is walking through fire .
A man walks between burning piles .
A man walks past burning piles in front of a crowd with cameras
A crowd of people are standing behind a railing watching something in the distance .
A group of people wait behind a barricade and look toward the right .
A group of people wait behind a metal fence .
A group of people waiting outside a fenced in area .
A group of spectators enjoying an event .
A bulldog jumps over a log next to a stream .
A dog is pawing at a fallen log nearby a stream in an area with pinestraw .
Black and white dog grabs tree limb
The black and white dog jumps by a log near a creek .
The dog plays with the large log .
A man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and reaching into his pocket .
A man in a cowboy hat walks in a department store .
A man in a hat is making his way through a store .
A man in a leather jacket and cowboy hat walks through a mall .
Six people inside a store .
A Greyhound dog is wearing a red jersey with the number one on it and is mid run .
A greyhound with a red shirt and blue muzzle on running a race .
A large greyhound dog races wearing a red shirt .
A white greyhound dog is wearing a red jacket with the number one printed on it .
White greyhound racing as dog number 1 .
A couple kissing on the neck on a busy street .
A man embraces a woman on a crowded street .
A man in a leather jacket with the collar popped kisses the neck of a woman in a gray coat wearing a white scarf .
Man kisses girl on neck
Man kissing a woman 's neck on a busy sidewalk .
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air .
A child who is celebrating their graduation in a field .
A young child dressed in a graduation gown is throwing a graduation cap in the air .
A young girl throws her graduation cap into the air .
Young girl in red graduation suit flings her hat upward into the field .
A dark street scene shows a neon lights and a group of people dining while another group walks .
People inside a shop at night while other people walk around outside .
People sit in a lit alcove off a dark street .
Some people in building as seen from the street at night .
There are some people in a restaurant and two men walking by them
A chubby Asian boy is wearing glasses .
A chubby looking boy with a Mohawk and glasses staring at the camera with a plain look .
A serious looking boy with glasses and a blue shirt poses .
Child with black glasses and a blue polo shirt .
There is a child with glasses and tan skin staring at the camera .
A jogger runs up brick stairs for streght training .
A man is skating down a set of stairs .
A skateboarder jumps on brick stairs .
A young man skateboards around the empty outdoor sports arena .
The man is skateboarding on a large brick staircase .
One young boy in a striped shirt is chasing another boy on a path through the jungle .
The children are walking on the path lined by trees .
Two boys are running on a path amoung green leafy trees .
Two boys run on a well maintained trail .
Two young children , one in striped top , running down pathway surrounded by ferns .
A man dressed for cold weather plays with a stick with his black and brown dog .
A man in a brown vest and glasses plays with a brown dog .
A man in orange pants and brown vest is playing tug-of-war with a dog .
A man tries to take a stick away from a brown dog .
a man tugging on a stick that a little dog has in his mouth
A boy in a party hat splashes in the water .
A boy wearing a birthday hat plays in a puddle .
A little boy in blue is playing in a stream .
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .
A young kid is jumping in a puddle .
A girl in a blue jacket holding a pink bottle in the front of a crowd of other kids .
A girl in a blue jacket stands in front of a drab crowd while they watch something .
Girl with blue jacket holding purple jug in crowd
Teen girl in foreround with crowd faded out in background
The girl in the blue coat is holding a purple capped water bottle .
Two men on motorcycles are racing at a track .
Two motorcycles race on a track .
Two motorcyclists are making a turn in a race , one with a red themed outfit and bike , the other in black .
Two motorcyclists are racing around a circular track .
Two motorcyclists lay over to the side as they make a sharp curve .
A naked woman with pink hair and tattoos is standing in a crowd in front of a cloth barrier .
A person with pink hair and tattoos on their upper and lower back .
A topless woman with bright red hair watches a gay pride parade .
A woman with pink hair an tattoos stands near a rainbow banner .
The woman is wearing black shorts at a parade .
The two kids are looking at a sign .
Two children looking up at a large fashion advertisement on a concrete wall .
two little boys admire a shop window .
two small children standing next to a jeans advertisement .
Two small children stand next to a window display .
A lot of surfers stand out in the ocean with their boards waiting on a wave .
Many surfers are sitting on their surfboards in the calm ocean .
Multiple surfers are out in the ocean waiting for a wave .
People line up in the ocean .
Surfers line up in the water awaiting the next wave .
Andy Rodderick gets ready to hit a tennis ball .
Andy Roddick plays tennis .
A tennis player in mid game holding a racquet .
Man dressed in black and white holds his tennis racket up waiting for the ball .
Tennis player getting ready to play tennis .
A man is placing jewelry on an extravagantly-haired and decorated female sculpture or stiffly-posed woman .
A performer wearing a h
A person being dressed in clothing with feathers and sequins .
The dancer gets her final makeup before going out onstage .
Two men fixing drag queen 's costume .
A family of two young boys and a woman and man pose in front of a scenic background .
A woman , man , and two children .
Family posing for a picture on top of some rocks by a lake .
Two adults and two boys posing with mountains and a lake in the background
Two adults and two children pose on a mountaintop .
A child plays soccer .
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal .
A little boy wearing a green jersey playing soccer .
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal .
The little kid just missed a soccer kick for the goal
A girl in a bikini , glasses and black hat laying on a white towel on the beach .
A girl in a black hat wears a bikini at the beach .
A woman in a black cap is laying on the beach in a pink bikini .
Girl with black hat and sunglasses lying on towel at beach
Young lady in bikini lying on the beach
A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside .
a small shaggy dog plays with a red ball on the grass .
A Yorkie trying to catch a red toy .
little dog is jumping up to catch a red ball in its mouth .
The dog jumps up to catch the red ball .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans poses by large mossy rocks .
A man is laying under a large mossy rock in the forest .
A man is sitting on rock ledges .
a man lying in the middle of a hug rock
A man sits underneath a large and colorful rock formation .
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow .
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow .
A black dog jumps in the snow .
A black dog leaps in the air above the snow .
A dark dog jumps across the snow near the woods .
A young boy casting his fishing line off a pier
Children fishing off a bridge
People fishing over white fence
Young boy standing next to water casting his fishing rod with others next to him .
Young boy wearing waders standing on a dock fishing , other people are in the background .
A man in a large red truck .
A man in a red truck is staring out the driver-side window .
A man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called Wilbert .
A truck driver is looking out of the window of his purple truck .
The truck driver pauses for a photo opportunity .
two african-Americans stand in front of the building .
Two black males are posing for a picture with winter clothes on .
Two men are posing for a picture .
Two men are standing together in front of a white brick building .
Two men with glasses stand outside a stone building in the cold .
A dog places his head on a man 's face .
A dog snuggles with a man in sunglasses .
A dog with a blue collar is licking a man who 's wearing large tinted sunglasses .
A large brown dog with a blue collar is resting his chin on a man 's face .
An orange dog is licking a man wearing red sunglasses .
A brown dog and a black dog run into each other in the grass .
A brown dog is grabbing the collar of a black dog .
A dark black dog is playing with a light brown dog in a backyard .
Two dogs are wrestling in a field .
Two dogs are wrestling in the park .
a beagle and a golden retriever wrestling in the grass
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass .
Two puppies are playing in the green grass .
two puppies playing around in the grass
Two puppies play in the grass
One dog is jumping up at another dog by a fence on a snowy day .
Two blond dogs sniff one another .
Two dogs in snow .
Two dogs play in the snow
Two tan dogs play in the snow .
Hooded women at event , one seated next to a table with large glasses on it .
People shopping at an outdoor marketplace .
Three women in headscarfs look at somthing out of frame .
Two woman wearing black shoes stand together while a person sits behind them .
Two women in black coats standing in front of a person sitting on a box on the ground .
A family watches as a little girl blows out the candles on her third birthday
a little girl blows out her candles .
A little girl blows out the candles on her cake .
The girl is blowing out the candles on the chocolate cake .
Two girls look on at birthday girl blowing out candles as mother stands by
A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field .
The little boy and little girl are walking side by side .
Two small children walk away in a field .
Two small children walking in a field .
Two young children are walking across an open field .
A brown dog has a white toy in its mouth .
A dog holding a white stuffed animal .
A tan dog hangong on to a white plushie toy .
A yellow dog is chewing on a white stuffed toy .
The dog is holding a stuffed toy in his mouth .
A girl about to eat watermelon and drink juice .
a little girl is sitting at a table with a jug of juice and some watermelon slices .
A little girl sits at a table outdoors and eats watermelon .
A young girl at a card table selling lemonade and watermelon .
Young girl sitting at a table selling lemonade and watermelon slices .
Cyclists are leaping into the air whilst being watched by spectators .
Three dirt bike racers head over a jump .
Three men form an arch during a BMX bike race sponsored by Coca-Cola .
Three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill .
Three riders wearing black jerseys jump their BMX bikes into the air .
A dog runs through the woods near a cottage .
A little orange cabin with a white dog running near it in the woods .
Orange building in the woods surrounded by trees with white dog running away from it .
The white dog is running on the grass near a small house .
White dog running away from the orange colored house .
A brown dog is sitting in some long grass .
A brown dog sits still on a hillside .
A large tan dog sits on a grassy hill .
A large yellow dog is sitting on a hill .
The dog is sitting on the side of the hill .
Two blonde boys , one in a camouflage shirt and the other in blue , are having a water fight .
Two boys are squirting water guns at each other .
Two boys spraying each other with water
Two children wearing jeans squirt water at each other .
Two young boys are squirting water at each other .
A person is holding a baby in yellow .
a slightly older picture of a mother and her newborn sitting next to the rotary dial phone
A woman holds a baby while lying on a couch
A woman holds a new baby wearing yellow in an old photograph .
Woman holding baby covered with yellow blanket
A child in a red shirt and hat enjoys a tire-shaped swing at the playground .
A child rides a swing .
A girl in a red shirt is on a tire swing .
A small child riding on a ring swing .
A young child wearing a red shirt swinging on a faux tire swing .
A man is jumping across a gap .
a man jumping from one building to another closeby
A man jumps off a large building onto the ground .
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another .
A young man jumps from one balcony to another .
A girl is playing an electric guitar in front of an amplifier .
A girl plays her guitar on a dark stage .
A woman is playing guitar onstage
A woman playing guitar in red and blue light
Guitar player performs at a nightclub red guitar .
A group of people walk through a shopping mall .
many people walk through the store .
People browse in a store .
People strolling through an indoor market .
The shoppers are walking in a store .
A man in a black vest walks on a rail .
A man is standing with his arms spread wide and an open vest exposing his chest .
A man wearing a vest and pants walks across stage at a concert .
A man who is dressed like a wrestler walks while people take his picture .
A shirtless man wearing a vest walks on a stage with his arms up .
A dog lies upside down on the grass .
A dog rolls on its back in the grass .
Brown and white dog rolling around on the grass .
Dog on its back rolling around in the grass .
The dog is rolling on its back on the grass with its mouth wide open .
A person buried in moss .
A woman is sitting at the beach covered by a lot of seaweed .
A woman on the beach is covered in seaweed .
A young person is buried in a pile of seaweed on a beach .
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed .
A brown dog and a spotted dog squabble over a dog toy .
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside .
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half .
Two dogs play with a Frisbee .
Two younger dogs biting a Frisbee playfully .
Four kayakers and canoers near a rock wall .
Four kayakers on a moutain stream .
four kayakers paddle through the water .
Four people are kayaking in a river .
Four people , in colorful kayaks , are on the water on a sunny day .
A group of people are playing with a large red ring .
A group of people gather on the grass field and throw a pink hoop .
A group of people in a large yard toss a disc .
kids play ultimate Frisbee .
Men playing with a red ring out in the field .
A girl holds a blow-up tiger while another girl is in a costume .
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .
Girls sit in costumes .
The girl wearing black is holding a toy and is sitting next to a girl in costume .
Two women sitting on a bench , their faces obscured , with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume .
A black-and-white dog bounds off the ground , all feet in the air , of a yellow field .
A black and white dog is jumping over high yellow grass .
A black and white dog is jumping through a field of brown grass .
a dog runs through the dry grass .
The black and white dog runs through the field .
A black dog is running in snow .
A brown and black dog running through snow-covered ground .
A dog is standing in the snow watching the camera
A dog running on snow and ice .
A dog with black and brown fur runs in the snow .
A group of five men are standing in the middle of a room that is crumbling and abandoned .
A group of guys who appear to be a band stand inside the dark graffiti-covered and rock-strewn building .
Five men are standing in a dark room , where there is debris and graffiti on the ground and walls .
Five men are standing in a dark room with graffiti on the walls .
Four young people are standing in a run down alleyway posing for a picture .
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass .
A little dog is looking at a red ball .
a little furry dog playing with a red ball in a forest
A small dog tries to catch a red ball .
This tiny dog is about to jump in the air to catch a red ball .
Two black dogs are jumping towards each other .
Two black dogs collide .
Two black dogs fight in a field .
Two black dogs playing in the grass .
Two black dogs wrestle on the green grass .
A man in a white hat is standing behind a woman with a red shawl over her head .
A man with a white hat and brown shirt , behind a woman in red , looks to the left .
A man with a white hat and plaid shirt behind a woman with a red headdress .
An Arabic man in a white hat .
The man with the white head piece looks left down the street .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses sit at a table with four beer bottles .
There are two guys sitting around a table , both with beers in their hands .
Two men drinking beers at a table
Two men in sunglasses sit at a table drinking beer .
Two men sit at a small round table and drink beer .
A man in a blue jacket widely opens his big blue eyes as a man behind him closes his eyes as he covers his mouth .
A man wearing a blue jacket looks at the camera .
A startled man wearing a blue jacket is looking at the camera .
A wide eyed guy in a blue jacket is holding a beer and standing next to a guy holding his nose .
Man in blue is posing for the camera .
A girl dressed in a pink sweatshirt and pink and white striped skirt plays in the waves at the beach .
A girl dressed in pink and white runs along the beach .
A girl dressed in pink runs from the ocean to the beach .
A girl in pink runs away from a wave coming onto the shore .
A girl is walking next to the small waves that crash in the ocean .
A man in a yellow jacket with many colorful wristbands is smiling .
A man in a yellow shirt wearing multi-colored plastic jewelry .
A man is wearing a rainbow colored necklace and smiling .
Black man poses for photo .
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera .
A young girl in red is jumping over a bent over child for a children ' game .
Children are playing leapfrog in front of a fountain
Children playing leapfrog .
Children playing leapfrog beside fountain .
Six children near a water fountain .
A dog runs along a beach near the waves .
A white and brown dog runs along the shoreline .
A white and tan dog is running on a beach .
A white dog is running on wet rocks .
A white dog running along side a river
A camera man is behind his video camera and surrounded by a hudge crowd .
A man is operating a television camera high up in a crowded stadium .
A man is videotaping something .
Camera man in populated building taping an event .
The man in the black shirt is pointing his camera at the arena .
a couple leaning over a concrete railing inside of a building
A man and a woman are looking at each other while standing on an elaborate indoor balcony .
A man and a woman looking over a balcony at an elegant building
A man and woman are gazing at each other on a balcony inside a building .
A man and woman stand at a balcony looking at each other .
A boy and a dog running on grass
A boy dressed in green running with a brown and white dog in a green field .
A child and small dog running .
A white dog and green shirted child running in the grass .
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
A crowd watches a biker on a wire .
A group of children watch a man who is riding his bicycle on suspended wires .
A group of children watching a man do a bicycle stunt .
Children watch a bicyclist perform on a tightrope .
The boys are watching a bicycle stunt .
Two boys are walking down a tree lined dirt path .
Two children walking away , down a path surrounded by trees .
Two children walking down a forest path .
Two children walking down a path in the woods .
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods .
A little girl in a pink hat sniffing a white flower .
a little girl smelling a flower
A young girl is smelling the flowers .
Little girl with knit cap , smelling flowers .
The young child looked up toward the white flowers .
A man is jumping in the air on his skateboard .
A man leans sideways on a soap box racer in the middle of a jump .
A man on a small 4 wheeled vehicle is flying through the air .
A man performs a trick on his mini-race car , with one leg flying out in the sky .
The boy is in the air with a machine with wheels .
A brown dog jumps in the air .
A dog appearing to be malnourished is standing on his hind legs about to jump .
A dog jumps high while outside .
A dog jumps on a lawn .
Large brown dog jumping over a bush in a grassy area .
A child at the edge of the water coming in on a beach .
A girl running along the beach .
A person in a white hoodie is running down the beach on the sand barefoot .
A woman runs along a rocky shore .
A woman runs along the shore .
Men walking on city street with a yellow bus and two FedEx vehicles in the background .
some men crossing the street in a busy city
Three men crossing a street , with trucks in the background .
Three men cross the street in front of a yellow truck .
Three men walking on a city street in front of a yellow bus and two FedEx trucks .
A football layer wearing a red shirt .
A football player facing off against two others .
A football player for the Sooners stands in front of the oppsing team waiting for the next play .
A football player in a red uniform is standing in front of other football players in a stadium .
defensive player waiting for the snap
A hockey player in red untangles from a player in white as he goes for the puck .
Two hockey players almost fall on the ice during a scuffle .
Two hockey players compete on the ice .
Two hockey players fighting on the ice .
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice .
A cyclist in a midair jump .
A man on a bike in the air he is wearing a blue hsirt and a yellow and white helmet .
A person has ridden their bicycle into the air .
A person riding a bike jumps through the air high above a bumpy racetrack .
Someone riding a bicycle is up in the air over a dirt and hill trail .
a man falls out of his kayak .
A man is falling out of his kayak as his paddles go flying .
Man kayaking losing his paddle and falling out of the boat .
The man falls into the water while his paddle flies and his kayak tips .
The man threw his paddle in the air and fell out of the boat and into the water .
A child holds a yellow balloon .
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .
A little girl in traditional chinese garb holds a balloon .
A young girl is holding a long thin yellow balloon .
The little girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .
A bride and groom look at each other in a goofy picture .
A bridge is talking to the groom and he scratches his head .
A formally dressed couple , she with her mouth open , stand next to each other .
A groom and a bride with a strapless dress .
A man in a black suit knocks his head with his fist as he puts his arm around a woman in a white strapless dress .
A man in an orange construction uniform wears a white hardhat and sprays a water hose .
A man in an orange safety suit spraying water .
A man in a public road workers uniform sprays water .
A man wearing an orange uniform is working outside with a hose .
The man in the work uniform is using a water hose .
A child in a blue shirt jumping off a bench .
A child jumping off bleachers with a blue shirt .
A child wearing a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
A child wearing a jersey jumps in the air .
A girl jumps in the air .
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion .
A group of men stand talking in front of a statute of a blue lion .
A group of people in suits stand around a man in a pink shirt who is lecturing .
Man giving lecture to interested people in front of a clue statue .
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion .
A boy surrounded by pigeons
A little boy is surrounded by many pigeons .
A little boy wearing a blue hat and coat is standing amongst the pigeons on the street .
The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk .
The little child in the blue cap is amidst the pigeons .
A man in yellow is leaping toward men in blue .
A soccer game on a grassy field .
A yellow team soccer player is jumping on two blue team players while other players run alongside .
Guys wearing yellow , red , and blue are running in the grass .
Man jumping on another during a game in the grass .
A little girl and woman wearing a yellow shirt get splashed by a city fountain .
A mother and daughter at a fountain
A woman watches a girl play in an urban fountain .
A young girl plays on the edge of a fountain while an older woman watches .
a young girl standing in front of a fountain with a woman to her side
A man in an orange shirt plays fetch with a black French poodle
A person in an orange coat prepares to throw a stick to a black dog .
A person playing with her large black dog .
A woman holding a stick out for a dog .
Woman in orange jacket playing with a black dog
A group of boys is sitting in a large mud puddle in a grassy field .
A group of four boys plays with mud in the water and grass .
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream .
Four boys play in the mud .
Four boys sit in the mud .
A fluffy white dog is coming out of a blue striped obstacle shute .
A small white dog running out of a tent .
A white dog is emerging from a blue canvas tunnel on an obstacle course .
The white poodle dog is coming out of a blue tent .
White dog leaving blue-striped tent .
A brown dog is carrying a stick too big for him over grass .
A dog carries a large stick in its mouth over the grass .
A dog holds a large stick in its mouth .
a large dog carrying a large stick in its mouth .
The brown German shepherd dog is playing with a stick .
An elderly woman sits on a tree stump with a white dog .
An old woman with a white dog
A white bulldog sitting on a tree stump gives paw to an older woman wearing a black jacket .
A woman and a dog sit on a tree stump .
There is an older white haired lady and a bulldog sitting on a tree stump .
a blue and grey race car driving on a dirt track .
A person driving a drag racer on dirt .
A person is in a race car on a track with a lot debri .
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud .
The blue and gray vehicle is racing through the gravel .
A man in a safety suit training a police German Shephard .
A man trains a dog to attack .
A man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a German shepherd dog .
A man wearing pads on his limbs is being bitten by a dog .
A man with a quilted glove is bitten by a dog .
A black dog shakes itself dry on the beach in front of the waves .
A dog is shaking itself dry on the beach next to the ocean .
A dog shaking off after coming out of the ocean .
dog shaking off water by the ocean
The dog is shaking off his fur in front of the water .
A homeless man being observed by a man in business attire .
A homeless man holds up his pants as another man observes in the distance .
a homeless person being looked at by another man
A man looking at a sad homeless man whose clothes are torn on the street .
A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
A man is paddling a boat during a sunset .
a man paddles his canoe on the lake .
A man rows his boat while the sun sets .
A person in a hat reaches with a paddle while sitting in a canoe on a lake .
With the sun reflecting off the water , a man is sitting in a boat and rowing .
A bee clings to a yellow flower .
a bee on top of a flower
A bee sits on a flower .
a small bee landed on a bunch of yellow flowers
Beautiful blue sky and yellow flowers .
A man is in midair at a skate park .
A man is pulling tricks on his rollerblades in a indoor skate park .
A man rollerblading at a skate park .
A rollerblader does a trick at a skate park
Inline skater taking a jump .
A man in a blue jacket and gloves is standing in the street among other people .
A man in a brightly-colored ski jacket stands with others on a European street .
A man in a colorful jacket walks down the street surrounded by women in winter clothing .
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd .
The man in the blue jacket is walking in a crowd of people past an English pub .
A run way model removes a tan coat to show off a fancy dress .
A woman taking off a large cloak revealing a extravagant dress
a woman wearing a black , red , white and pink dress
A woman wearing a red and white gown holds a long scarf behind her .
Woman in black , red and white dress waving a gold cape
Two brown dogs sniff in the grass .
Two brown dogs wrestle on the grassy hill .
Two dogs playing in the grass .
Two greyish-brown dogs looking at something in the grass .
Two Weimeraners in a field .
A young boy and a toddler play in a fountain in front of a building .
Two small children are playing in a sprinkler system .
Two toddlers are playing in a water fountain .
Two toddlers , one topless , one without pants , standing on a floor with water sprinklers .
Two young boys play in a fountain .
A race car is spinning out in front of spectators .
a racer skids out .
A super car is spinning tires on a raceway track creating smoke near a crowd .
Green and black car goes into wall at race .
Smoke comes from car in professional race
A group of people are standing in a field flying kites .
A large amount of persons flying kites in a park .
A large group of people fly kites on a sunny day .
Many people fly kites in a park .
People are gathered flying kites on a hillside .
A man dressed in blue standing in front of a colorful fruit and vegetable stand
People in a colorful , outdoor market with fruits , vegetables and flowers .
Person in blue stand by flowers in open air market while another person with a cane walks the path
Several people shopping at an outdoors market .
Shoppers in a fruit and vegetables market looking around .
A boy and girl walk in shallow water .
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building .
Two people are walking through some water .
Two people dressed in winter apparel venture out onto a frozen body of water .
Two people in winter coats walking down a road .
A person skateboarding down the sidewalk wearing mostly black .
A young man riding a skateboard and carrying large bags .
A young man with a large black portfolio is skateboarding on the sidewalk .
The man is carrying several cases while riding a skateboard .
The person on a skateboard is carrying several bags of different sizes and shapes .
A woman and child with an umbrella walk through the street in the pouring rain .
a woman in a colorful sari walks with a small boy who is carrying an umbrella through a busy city in the pouring rain .
A woman in a sari next to a boy holding a red umbrella in a rainy street
A woman walking in the rain with a child .
The lady and child walk to school in the rain .
A black dog is digging in the snow .
A dog buries its head in the snow .
Dog on leash burrows into snow in rural area .
Dog with head in snow .
The large black dog is digging in the snow .
A dog leaps over a barrier .
A dog leaps over a fence .
A dog leaps over a wooden fence as another is about to .
There are two dogs ; one leaps over the fence and the other tries to .
Two brown and black dogs are jumping a fence .
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes .
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean .
A dog is running through the ocean .
The brown dog is running in the water .
The brown dog is running parallel to the waves in the water .
A boy is at a playground on a pole .
A boy spins on a park playground .
A child slides down a pole on a playground .
a kid playing in the playground
A little boy sits and spins on a playground .
A woman crouches near three dogs in a field .
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky .
Three dogs are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them
Three dogs on a grassy hill
Three dogs stand in a grassy field while a person kneels nearby .
A man in a blue jacket riding a dog sled over a snow covered plain .
A man on a sled is pulled through the snow by his dogs .
A team of dogs is pulling a dog sled .
A team of dogs pulling a man on a sled .
Five dogs pull a man on a sled through the snow .
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods .
a closeup of someone 's hands shooting a black gun
A pair of hands is shooting a black gun in the direction of trees .
A person in a blue shirt shoots a gun .
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods .
A clown with a big hat riding a bicycle .
A man dressed as a clown riding a bicycle in a race .
A man dressed in a white suit with a red cowboy hat riding a bike .
A person in face paint and an orange oversized cowboy hat rides his bike on a trail .
The man in the clown costume and hat is riding a bike
A blue buggy is driving across the sand dunes .
A blue go cart in the dirt pointing downhill .
A dune buggy goes down a hill .
A dune buggy going down a sandy hill .
A dune buggy traveling on sand .
Two little boys are playing on a playground .
Two little boys lounge at a park , one sitting on a swing .
Two toddler boys look onward from the playground .
two young boys in swetashirts at a playground
Two young boys with playground equipment
A person hits a ball with a tennis racket .
A person swings at a tennis ball .
a tennis player wearing a green shirt about to hit a ball with his racquet .
A woman in a green shirt and blue hat is playing tennis .
Miami tennis player hits the ball with a forehand .
A man and woman are at a catered dinner getting food .
An Asian couple dip their plates at a buffet .
A young man and a young woman serve food
Girl and boy serving food on plate
Two young people serve food .
A black dog splashes through greenish water .
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek .
A brown dog walks through a shallow stream .
A greenish dog runs through the water by several large rocks .
The dog walks in the shallow water .
A man in a flowered bathing suit waterskies on one ski while being pulled by a rope .
A man is doing a jump on a wakeboard in the water .
A man on a waterski is performing a jump in the air .
A man riding a wakeboard on a lake
A man waterskiing through the air near a dock .
A man hands a child to another man as they exit a boat
A man in a blue jacket lifts a child dressed in red out boat crowded with people
A man standing on a boat full of people hands a child over to a man that is not on the boat .
One man passes a child to another man from the boat to shore .
The men are passing a child to each other over the side of the boat .
a closeup of grey and white shoes on the shore near the beach water .
A person wearing grey converse shoes took a picture of the water barely touching their shoes .
A person wearing grey tennis shoes is standing right where the waves stop on the sand .
A shot of shoes in water .
The person wearing tennis shoes is standing on the sand .
A hockey player in white tries to steal the puck from another player in red .
A hockey player wearing a red uniform reaches for the puck as others follow .
A red-uniformed hockey player is attempting to control the puck while two white-suited hockey players try to disrupt him .
People playing hockey on ice .
Two opposing hockey players make a play for the puck with opposing fans and team members watching .
a dog jumps onto the sidewalk .
A small dog runs from the dirt onto the street
A tan , white , and black dog runs towards a sidewalk .
Dog leaps out .
The brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs beside the path .
An asian lady in a red jacket taking a photo
An Asian woman is taking a photograph outside a white columned building .
An older dark haired woman is taking a picture
A woman in a red coat takes a picture near marble columns at twilight .
A woman wearing a red coat begins to take a picture .
A man and woman in masks and costume make a toast in front of a christmas tree .
A woman in mask sits next to a man wearing a Santa suit and also in mask as they hold wine glasses next to a Christmas tree .
Santa and a woman drink wine next to the christmas tree while wearing joke disguise glasses .
Two people , one of whom is in a Santa costume , pose wearing funny glasses .
Two people with silly disguises at Christmas time
A baby girl playing at a park .
A closeup of a child on a playground with adult supervision .
A young boy poses for a picture in front of a playground .
A young girl is smiling in front of the camera at a park .
There is a little blond hair girl with a green sweatshirt and a red shirt playing on a playground .
One girl is hugging another girl in front of an American flag .
Two girls hugging in front of a giant American flag .
two girls in front of large american flag
Two young girls are hugging in front of an american flag .
Two young girls hug in front of the American flag
A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout .
Sumo wrestlers pushing against each other .
Two people are sumo wrestling .
Two sumo wrestlers in a fight .
Two sumo wrestlers wrestling .
a man gives a fish to a boy .
A man shows a fish to a child .
A man wearing a white hat holds a fish up for a small child wearing a life vest .
Older man showing fish to young child .
The man wearing the cap is handing a freshly caught fish to the boy in the purple hat .
A cat under the bench hissing with a dog growling and trying to get it .
A dog toys with a cat hiding under a bench .
A snarling brown and black dog corners a brown long-haired cat under a wooden bench .
A snarling dog approaches a hissing cat .
Black and brown dog growling at brown cat hiding under wooden bench .
A group of cyclers race around a track .
A group of people in colored outfits ride bikes around a track .
Bicyclists stay in a line as each wear different color suits .
Multiple bicyclists wearing different colored shirts and helmets riding around a track .
Ten cyclists in different colors are racing around a bend in the track .
a man with a tattoo on his arm cooking something in a frying pan .
A man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan .
A person with a tattooed arm holds a frying pan over a mixing bowl .
Hands holding a frying pan .
The person with the tattoos is holding a dirty frying pan .
A black and white dog holds a stick in his paw for chewing or playing .
A black and white dog laying down with a big stick under its paw .
a black and white staffordshire terrier has his paw on large branch
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws .
There is a black and white dog chewing on a branch outside .
A kayaker in a red kayak paddles as an orange kayak approaches from behind .
A man in a red kayak in the water .
A man in a red kayak paddles through blue water .
a man paddling a red kayak
Man paddles red kayak , orange kayak in background .
A small boy wearing a red helmet rides his bicycle down a patterned path .
A toddler rides his little bicycle down a paved path .
A young boy in a red helmet bikes through a park .
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and a red helmet riding a bike on a sidewalk
a girl in a green dress and pink jacket is running down a dusty path in a grassy park .
A girl wearing a pink sweater and green dress in walking down a path .
A little girl holding flowers is walking away down a path on a sunny day .
A little girl is walking along a path .
A little girl walking down the sidewalk .
A brown dog is about to catch a treat .
A brown dog opens his mouth to catch a piece of food .
A dog is about to catch a treat in his mouth .
A dog opens its mouth to catch a treat
The dog is catching a treat .
The girls are taking a picture of themselves .
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves .
Two blonde women are smiling while one is holding a camera to capture their image .
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
Two young girls are taking a picture of themselves with a camera .
A black dog biting onto something is swimming in the beach .
A black dog with a stick swimming in the ocean .
A dog with a Frisbee , swimming in a lake .
Big black dog swimming in the ocean with something in his mouth .
Dog swimming in the water with a stick .
A man in black looks out over a snowy landscape .
A man looks out over frozen tundra .
A man wearing black clothes , standing and looking out over a snowy scene .
A person in dark clothing takes a snapshot of a snowy scene .
A person taking pictures outside in the snow .
A biker is wearing all black gear with buildings and a tree with no leaves nearby .
A man in black walks beside his bike in the city .
A man wearing a black helmet is pushing his bicycle .
Man riding a bicycle on a foggy day .
Man with a bicycle and helmet .
Two dogs are tugging at a piece of white material .
Two dogs fight over a piece of cloth .
Two dogs tug on a towel .
Two dogs with a rag in their mouths
Two large black dogs with red studded collars pulling on ends of a white rag on porch
A group of young women doing in matching teal outfits doing a dance .
Four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival .
four women dance for a crowd .
Girls in light blue outfits perform a choreographed dance .
Some girls dressed in blue perform a dance .
Africans gather water at an outdoor tap .
Africans wearing colorful clothing gather behind a fence .
A tribal group filling water jugs in the desert .
People filling a large black container with water .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
A skateboarder is doing a trick at the top of a ramp while another person watches .
A skateboarder is doing a trick off of a ramp while a guy looks on .
A skateboarder is in midair in the middle of a trick .
A teenage boy does a skateboard trick on a half pipe while another boy watches from the top .
Young man doing a trick jump on a skateboard .
Two dogs drink water in a lake .
Two white dogs are drinking water out of a lake .
Two white dogs drink from the lake .
two white dogs drinking out of a stream
Two white dogs walk around in shallow water .
A small child practices golf .
A small child with a toy golf club
a young child wearing a white coat playing a children 's gold game .
A young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club .
The bundled up child is playing with toys outdoors .
a man leans against a large robot .
Two men are standing under a large work of art by a brick building .
Two men are standing under what looks to be a giant robot .
Two men standing at the feet of a large sculpture .
Two men standing near a metal structure in from of a brick wall .
A female tennis player readies herself .
A girl is getting ready to serve the ball in a game of tennis .
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court .
A woman playing tennis preparing to serve the ball .
A woman wearing a white shirt and a short , black skirt is in motion on a green , artificial surface .
a couple wearing black vike helmets sitting on a bench together
A man and a woman are wearing bicycle helmets , and are having a conversation .
A man wearing a bicycle helmet looks at a woman wearing a bicycle helmet .
Interracial couple looks at each other wearing biking helmets
Two people with bicycle helmets chatting on a bench .
A dog 's mouth opens to expose its sharp teeth .
a dog tries to bite another dog .
two black and white dogs fighting with each other
Two dogs play on the wooden floor inside .
Two dogs play with each other on a wood floor .
A man in a green shirt is jumping a ramp on his skateboard .
A man is skating on a vert ramp
A man on a half pipe doing a skateboard trick .
A skateboarder is doing a trick in the air with his skateboard on a red ramp while people stand around looking .
A skateboarder is riding on a red ramp by the ocean .
A corgie walks on a thin blue platform .
A dog runs out onto a swimming pool diving board .
A light brown and white dog walks on a thin railing .
A small dog walks along an elevated walkway .
A tan and white dog is walking on a beam .
Two dolphins flying headfirst into a beautiful tropical blue lake
Two dolphins jumped out of the water in this zoo .
Two dolphins jumping into the water .
Two dolphins jump out of the blue water with palm trees behind them .
Two dolphins jump out of the water together .
A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it .
A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog .
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch .
a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing .
Outside by the trees , a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase .
four girls play volleyball .
Four woman are playing on a beach as a huge ship passes in the background .
Four women in bathing suits are playing on the beach .
Slightly overweight women in bikinis are playing on a beach .
Women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean .
A dog chases a Nerf ball in the grass .
A dog playing fetch in a green field .
A multicolor dog chasing after a ball across the grass .
Dog chasing after a ball on the grass .
Wolf-like dog chasing white wiffle ball through a green field .
Two small white dogs are in a yard chasing a red ball .
Two small white dogs chasing after a red ball .
Two small white dogs chasing a red ball
Two West Highland Terriers chase a red ball .
Two white dogs chase after a red ball in a yard in front of a white fence .
A baseball player is on the field in fronmt of an audience .
A man in a black top and white cap is stretching backwards in a sports stadium .
A man wearing a white hat swings his arm back to throw .
A tennis player about to serve .
Tennis player is serving the ball .
A blond Caucasian woman in a blue shirt wearing a straw hat .
A long haired woman is wearing a grass cowboy hat and a stripped shirt .
A woman in a blue and white shirt is wearing a cowboy hat .
A woman wearing a hat .
Woman in a blue and white striped shirt with a straw cowboy hat on .
A black dog inside house is looking at something at higher position .
A black dog is about to sit down in a white carpeted room .
A black dog is hunched back and is ready to jump .
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet .
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet .
A woman in a brown jacket is standing on a rock with a forested background .
A woman posing near a cliff
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling .
A woman stands on a mountain overlooking a rolling field of trees underneath a blue sky .
The person poses for a picture on a cliff overlooking a valley .
A person surfs in the curl of a wave , obsured by the falling water .
A person surfs through a wave as it crashes down .
A surfer is riding in the barrel of a wave .
Someone is surfing underneath a wave on a white surfboard .
The large wave is crashing down over a surfer .
A group of adults and children play with a parachute outdoors .
A group of children are waving a large cloth up and down .
A group of people holding up a bed sheet like a parachute while two people run underneath to fetch a soccer ball .
Many people raise a large sheet of fabric above their heads .
The group of people is holding a large sheet .
an Asian girl carrying a pink bag is walking away down a busy city street .
A woman wearing black boots and a skirt walks down the sidewalk .
A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk .
A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores .
Girl wearing a mini dress and long sleve white jacket with a pink bag walking through a crowded area .
a red covered boat racing across the water
A red high speed racing boat skips across the water .
A red speed boat crosses the water .
A watercraft speeds through the water .
Red boat marked GRAHAM races across water .
A group of people sitting in a grassy area under a pink and white blossoming tree .
People are sitting at a park under flowering trees .
People outside sitting on the grass under cherry blossom trees .
The students sitting on the grass are eating a lunch from a red backpack .
Young people sit on the grass near a crooked tree with pink blossoms .
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts .
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts .
People in costumes are walking around in the street .
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk .
Two people in lavish costumes standing on the street .
A motorcycle racer leans his bike .
A motorcyclist is driving down a road on their motorbike .
A motorcyclist is riding their sponsored car along a roadway that has recently turned .
A motorcyclist on the street .
A motorcyclist with a red helmet rides his blue motorcycle down the road .
A large white bird pulling a fish out of the water .
A seagull lands on the water .
A white bird has something in its beak at it lands on the water .
Two large seagulls are in the water .
Two seagulls on water , foreground bird has object held in beak .
A family at a military camp
A small crowd watches military men in a tent area .
A woman holding a pitcher waits among others outside the opening of a tent .
People under a tent .
Two soldiers are going into a tent with men and women watching them .
A couple with a small child is standing on a busy street .
A family is standing in front of a silver car in a metro area .
A family waits to cross a busy street .
The man in blue , woman in white , and child in blue stand before a silver car .
Two adults and a child wait to cross a street .
A dog with a Frisbee jumps over a man
A large crowd of people are sitting watching a dog jump high up to catch a Frisbee with a man standing under the dog looking up at it .
A man ducks down as a dog flies over his head to fetch a Frisbee .
A white dog in a blue leaps over a man in a blue outfit with yellow stars in order to catch a Frisbee whilst people stand by and watch .
Man and jumping dog perform Frisbee act for crowd at outdoor event .
A boy and woman sitting on a passenger train
A woman and a boy sitting on a bus .
People sitting on seats by orange pole
Two people in a subway train separated by a seat
Two people ride the train .
A basketball player looks upward as a hand reaches for her ball .
A female basketball player wearing a red uniform is holding a basketball and looking up while an arm is trying to block her .
A female woman has a basketball in her hands and a determined look on her face .
A woman basketball player holding the ball grimaces with effort while another player 's arm attempts to block her .
A woman with a red basketball jersey is holding a basketball and looking up .
A man in a white hardhat is standing in front of a green truck .
A man wearing a hardhat stands in front of buildings not yet finished being built .
A worker looks off into the distance while a China Shipping crate sits behind him .
Man with hardhat in black jacket stands near a green trailer that says " CHINA SHIPPING " in a construction zone .
The man is standing on the street surounded by buildings .
A woman and child fly soar through the air , seated on an amusement park ride .
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park .
Smiling little girl on a carnival ride .
There is a little girl riding a carnival ride .
The young girl enjoys the swing at the carnival .
A boy does a trick on his bike as other kids watch .
A boy on a bicycle in midair
A male doing a trick in the air on his bike .
A man jumps his bicycle high above a cement incline .
A man on a BMX bike in midair
A black and brown dog pokes his head above the white farm animals .
A brown and black dog watches over a heard of animals .
A dog looking over the backs of sheep .
A dog 's head over the backs of some white animals .
Black dog amid white animals in the field .
A group of bohemians stroll down the street , one with a shopping cart .
A group of four people prance away from the camera , one pushing a shopping cart and another leaping alongside .
A group of young people walk down a residential street , one pushing a grocery cart .
Four people walking down the street and one is trying to jump in a shopping cart .
Four young people walk down a sunny street , one pushing a shopping cart
A girl in a blue bathing suit is walking away from the water on the beach .
A girl in a blue bathing suit walks across the beach .
A girl in a blue two piece bathing suit at the beach .
A young girl is wearing a bathing suit and the ocean is behind her .
A young girl wearing a blue bikini swimsuit .
A group of people are jumping into the air with their arms held high .
A group of people in a desert jumping , one throwing a ball .
A group of six people have jumped into the air in the middle of nowhere and one is catching a ball .
Six people are jumping in the air , one of them throwing a ball .
Six people jump for ball .
a couple each wearing a silly mask and holding a fake cigar
A man and a woman are dressed as Groucho Marx with fake cigars .
a man and a woman dress up .
A man and a woman wear funny masks and pretend to smoke large , fake cigars .
A woman and a man pose with Groucho Marx disguises .
A football player folding a football during a game in the mud
American footballers in yellow outfits are playing in a very muddy field .
A young football player in a muddy , yellow and blue uniform carrying a football with other muddy players run behind him .
Football players playing in mud .
Football players playing in the mud .
A black dog carries an orange ball , walking on the ground covered in leaves .
A black dog with an orange toy in its mouth is walking in fall leaves .
A black lab puppy runs with an orange ball on an autumn day .
Black dog with orange ball approaches camera across dead leaves .
The black dog walks through brown leaves with an orange ball .
A bicycle racer runs up a ramp with his bike .
A biker is running with his bike in his hands up a ramp .
A man carrying a bicycle .
a man runs with his bike .
Man sits on bike in air .
Two bikers race uphill .
Two dirtbikers are taking their motorbikes through a snowy path .
Two motocross bikers are throwing up dirt as they ride around a circuit .
Two motor-cross riders race through dirty snow .
Two people in the middle of a dirt bike race .
Airplane controller is outside white airplane .
A man sits in a glider cockpit on the landing strip .
Men are standing near a small plane on a runway .
the dashboard of a small plane .
The gauges of a small flying vessel , with another plane and three people in the background .
a brightly decorated bicycle with cart with people walking around in the background
A street vending machine is parked while people walk by .
A street vendor on the corner of a busy intersection .
People on the city street walk past a puppet theater .
People walk around a mobile puppet theater in a big city .
A black and brown furry dog is running in the grass .
a brown and black dog running through a grassy field
A large dog frolics in the grass .
A long haired black and brown dog runs through the grass .
Black dog running on green grass with mouth open .
A guy is doing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd .
A man is skateboarding in front of a group of people .
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a large crowd .
A skateboarder leaping from a pool in front of a crowd .
Skateboarder does tricks in front of crowd while photographer watches
A group of baseball players wearing blue uniforms walk across the grass .
A men 's baseball team leaving the field
A team of baseball players in blue uniforms , walking together on field .
Group of people on a ball team wearing blue and white uniforms some of gloves on their hands one is wearing red shoes , tall trees are in the background .
Twelve members of a baseball team walk across the diamond .
One black and white dog sleeps while the other two black and white dogs play with a plastic bag .
Three black and white pug dogs were laying and playing outside .
Three spotted dogs outside a house .
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag .
Two small dogs are fighting over a bag while another sleeps .
A man curls up while sitting on a couch in a busy public area .
A man is slouching on a couch with people walking and sitting around him .
A man wearing a hat sleeping in a large brown chair .
A person in a baseball cap and jeans resting on a brown couch .
People sit and walk through a crowded area .
A family sits on a bench near a beach .
A family sits on a bench overlooking the beach .
A man , woman , girl , and boy sit on a concrete bench by a beach .
Family sitting on a bench near the beach .
Taking a break while vacationing at the beach
A boy in s striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain .
A boy is jumping off the side of a running stone water fountain in front of a building .
A happy boy is jumping in front OD city fountain .
A little boy is jumping in front of a fountain .
A little boy is playfully jumping off the side of a fountain .
A bare backed climber is attached to the rock face on a pink safety rope .
a lone rock climber in a harness climbing a huge rock wall .
A man is rock crawling up a rock wall
A man wearing no shirt climbs a steep cliff .
man with no shirt on climbing rocks
A man with four running dogs in nature .
A smiling woman watches as four dogs run on a hill .
A woman is standing on the grass with four dogs .
Person encouraging four dogs to run .
The man is in the field with four dogs who are running .
A large dog and a small one walk with their toys .
A small white dog is carrying something blue in its mouth and a bigger brown and black dog is carrying something orange in its mouth .
Two dogs playing outside near the water .
Two dogs play with each other outdoors .
Two dogs walking with their toys .
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field .
Three dogs in a field looking at something in the grass .
Three dogs play in a field near a house to the right .
Three dogs , two black one brown , are playing in a grass field .
Two black dogs and one brown dog in tall grass .
An empty chairlift and a chairlift occupied by two people are moving .
Skiers riding a ski carousel
Two people are in a sky carriage .
Two people are riding a ski lift with mountains behind them .
Two people on a ski-lift .
A big , brown dog is shaking off while in the water .
A brown dog is in the water shaking its head .
A dog that is down in water is shaking off .
A large brown dog begins to shake while standing in the water .
The large dog wading in the water and shaking .
A group of girls wearing costumes stand in a park .
A group of girls who are gothically dressed standing together
A group of people in anime cosplay costumes .
A group of three females and one male dressed in costume
Three women are dressed in costumes while one holds an umbrella .
A girl in a colourful bathing suit being ejected from a water slide into the pool .
A girl is screaming as she comes off the water slide .
A little girl sliding into a pool .
The girl is coming off of a water slide into a pool .
Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .
a tennis player hits the ball .
A tennis player hits the ball and makes a serious face .
A woman in a green sport outfit is attempting to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
A young woman in a dark green tennis outfit serves the ball .
Female tennis player dressed in green hits yellow ball
A brindle dog runs beside some pilings in ground at the waterside .
A brown dog is running past wooden posts on the beach .
A dog running along the beach .
A tan dog runs along a beach near wood stumps .
The brown dog is running in front of the water and the wooden sticks .
A little girl smiles as she wears a white bowl on the top of her head .
A smiling blonde girl with a red striped shirt is sitting in a chair at a table with a white porcelain bowl on her head .
A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head .
A young girl in a striped shirt wears a bowl on her head .
A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head
A bride folds her arms at a beach .
A girl wears a fancy dress and a tiara .
A pretty girl wearing a white dress , a dimond necklace , and a crown , posing in front of the beach .
A woman in white , wearing a tiara , the beach in the background .
a woman wear a fancy dress and tiara on a beach
A man in red rock climbing .
A person in a red shirt is holding on to a natural formation .
Men try to climb up a large rock .
Someone climbing a rock upside down
Two men are climbing on an interestingly shaped rock feature .
A man poses for a little girl , his arms outstretched , with a large church in the background .
A man standing on one foot with a little girl in front of a cathedral .
A man stands on one leg in a playful pose near a lamppost as a young girl looks on .
The back of a little girl with braids and a man in a ' plane ' pose before her .
The man is posing in front of a small child near a light post .
A girl in striped swimsuit is jumping into the ocean .
A little girl in a striped bathing suit jumps in a large body of water .
A little girl in a striped bathing suit jumps in the ocean .
a young girl in a striped bathing suit jumping in the ocean .
girl jumping over wave
A man in a wet-suit is suspended from a para-surfing harness whilst moving across the water on a board .
a man is wakeboarding in a lake
A man kite surfing creates a wave .
A man wakeboarding
The man is parasailing and doing a trick .
A girl in a bathing suit , swim cap and goggles .
a girl wearing a swim cap and goggles on her head at a swim meet
A young female wearing a swimsuit , goggles , and swimming cap looking in front of her with an open mouth .
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit , a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head .
A young girl sitting in swimming gear
A person in a knit hat hiding their face with a scarf .
A person in winter clothes covers their face with a sweater .
A woman in a park wearing a hat and holding a scarf over her face .
A woman outside covers her face with fabric .
The adult is covering their face with a piece of clothing outside
A jacketed man with his back to the camera is overlooking the water .
A man fishing from the shore in the wintertime .
A man in a heavy coat fishes from a concrete platform .
A man stands on a concrete ledge and casts his fishing pole into the water below .
A person in warm clothing fishes off a wall .
A person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair .
A person is flipping upside down while attached to some bungee cords .
A person is suspended by wires and poles against a blue sky .
A person wearing a white shirt and blue shorts with cables attached to him .
A shoeless strapped in individual jumping with rubber bands attached is airborne .
A little girl in a harness is in midair on a sunny day .
A little girl in a pink jacket and hat is swinging in a harness attached to yellow ropes .
A young child jumps in a bungee seat in front of a blue sky and tree .
Little girl in pink coat on a swing .
The little girl wearing pink is having fun bungee jumping .
A boy in black clothes is doing a cartwheel on the beach .
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach .
A person with black shorts and shirt does a handstand on the beach .
A young boy doing a handstand on the beach .
The person is doing a handstand on the beach .
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne .
A motorcyclist is attempting a jump with another motorcyclist nearby as well as onlookers .
A person in a red , white and blue jumpsuit flying through the air on a yellow motorcycle .
A person in midair on a yellow motorcycle .
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump .
A male tennis player holding his tennis racket .
A man holding a tennis racket is looking in the distance with his hand over his mouth .
A man in a sleeveless blue tennis shirt blows kisses to the fans .
A tennis player holds one hand to his mouth and the other holds a racket .
a tennis player in a green striped shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth .
A dog fetching a stick .
a little white and tan dog running through the grass with a stick in his mouth .
A little white dog runs on freshly mown grass , holding a small stick .
The small dog returns with his stick proudly .
The small fluffy white dog runs through the green grass with a tiny stick in its mouth .
Two cowboys on horseback lasso a young calf to the ground .
Two cowboys on horses wrangle a calf in a rodeo .
Two cowboys rope a steer from horseback in an indoor corral .
Two men ride horses and a calf runs between them .
Two people on horses chasing cow in an arena .
A man in a skeleton printed outfit is sitting on a clean motorcycle .
A man in wearing a mask and black leather is sitting on a motorcycle on the street .
A person on a motorcycle wearing full leather with a skeleton on it and skeleton mask .
Man in black leather on a motorcycle .
Man in skeleton-printed leather outfit sitting astride a red motorcycle .
A brown dog picks up a twig from a stone surface .
A brown puppy chewing on a stick .
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in its mouth .
A puppy has a stick in its mouth .
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
A man windsurfs , putting his off hand into the water .
A person leaning over while windsurfing .
A shirtless man is leaning back while parasailing .
A windsurfer skims the water with his outstretched hand .
a young man parasailing in the ocean .
a lone bicyclist jumping on his bike in front of a graffitied wall .
A man doing tricks on a bike
A man grabs the spokes of his bicycle while he jumps .
A man on a bicycle in jeans is doing an air track along a dirt track with graffiti nearby .
A man performs bike tricks by a mural .
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby .
A black dog running along the water
A dog and two birds .
A dog runs along the shore of a pond with two elegant geese swimming .
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
People kayaking in snowy and mountainous region .
Snowy mountains are in the background of three ocean kayakers .
three kayakers are traveling in the water alongside snowcapped mountains .
Three men kayaking with mountains in the background
Three people on red boats paddle through water with mountains in the background .
A girl in pink pants running , an ornate Spanish ruin in the background .
The girl dressed in purple walks through the alley , followed by a girl in pink .
Two children within the ruins of a building .
Two girls , one running away from the wall .
Two little girls play around an old abandoned building .
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls .
A little girl plays in a ball pit .
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls .
A small girl is playing in a ball pit
a young girl with a white shirt and pink shorts rolling around in some plastic multicolored balls
